iPhone User Guide
Share features with your family
There are special features you and your family can use to share purchases, stay connected, and protect your data. If you have children, you can also set up parental controls to manage how your children use their Apple devices.
Set up Family Sharing
With Family Sharing, you and your family members can share eligible purchases and subscriptions, your location, and more. Everyone uses their own device and Apple Account, but iCloud storage, subscriptions (to services like Apple Music and Apple Arcade), and other content is shared.
To get started, go to Settings > [ your name ] > Family.
Share your location with Find My
When you set up Family Sharing, you can share your location with members of your family and help them find lost devices with the Find My app .
To share your location with family members, go to Settings > [ your name ] > Family, then tap Location Sharing. Tap the name of a family member you want to share your location with. After you share your location with members of your Family Sharing group, they can help locate a missing device.
Share your health data
You can use the Health app to share your health data—such as your activity, mobility, and health trends—with family members.
In the Health app , tap Sharing at the bottom of the screen, then tap Share with Someone. You can choose what you want to share, and if you want the people you’re sharing with to be notified about significant trends, like a steep decline in activity.
Start a family photo library
You can use iCloud Shared Photo Library to share photos and videos with up to five other family members. Everyone can add, edit, and caption photos, and enjoy the shared photos in their memories, featured photos, and Photos widget.
To get started, go to Settings > [ your name ] > iCloud > Photos, turn on Sync this iPhone, then tap Shared Library.
Just in case
You can add family members and other trusted people as Account Recovery Contacts to help you regain access to your account if you ever get locked out. The Digital Legacy program allows you to designate people as Legacy Contacts so they can access your account and personal information in the event of your death.
To add people, go to Settings > [ your name ] > Sign-In & Security, then tap Account Recovery or Legacy Contact.
Want to learn more?
Set up Family Sharing on iPhone
Share locations with family members and locate their lost devices on iPhone
Share your data in Health on iPhone
Set up or join an iCloud Shared Photo Library
Keep your Apple Account secure on iPhone
Apple Footer