iPhone User Guide
Use Face Recognition in Home on iPhone
With a HomeKit Secure Video camera or doorbell, you can use the Home app to receive notifications when people you’ve tagged in the Photos app are within the camera’s view.
Set up Face Recognition
Face Recognition identifies people by the faces that appear in your photo library or pictures of recent visitors captured by your camera or doorbell.
If you’re setting up a camera or doorbell for the first time, do the following:
Go to the Home app on your iPhone.
Add the accessory to the Home app.
In the Recognize Familiar Faces card, turn on Face Recognition, then tap Continue.
Choose who can access your photo library:
Never: Only faces you’ve added from clips in the Home app are recognized.
Only Me: Only the notifications you receive have the names of people in your photo library.
Everyone in this Home: The notifications for everyone in your home have the names of people in your photo library.
Tap Continue, then finish setting up the camera or doorbell.
If you have an existing doorbell or camera and want to use it to identify visitors, tap it on the Home tab, tap , tap Face Recognition, then turn on Face Recognition. Tap your photo library, then choose who can access it.
Note: Notifications can appear on any of the devices associated with your Apple Account.
Identify recent visitors
You can use Face Recognition to help identify people that aren’t in your photo library using a picture captured by your camera or doorbell.
Go to the Home app on your iPhone.
Turn on Face Recognition .
On the Home tab, tap the camera or doorbell, then tap .
Tap Face Recognition, tap an unidentified person listed below Recent, then tap Add Name.
Add the person’s name or their relationship to you—Mom or Mail Carrier, for example.
Choose whether to be notified when they’re seen by your camera or doorbell.
Note: People with a face mask don’t appear in this list.
Share faces with your household
You can allow the members of your household to see the names of visitors identified in your photo library.
Go to the Home app on your iPhone.
Turn on Face Recognition .
Tap , then tap Home Settings.
Tap Cameras & Doorbells below Notifications, then tap Face Recognition.
Tap your photo library, then tap Everyone in this Home.