iPhone User Guide
Work with graphs in Math Notes in Calculator on iPhone
In Math Notes, you can insert a graph or overlay the graphs of multiple equations on the same grid to see how they relate.
Note: Math Notes uses common mathematical symbols, the same operations as the scientific calculator , and digits from select numeric systems. Learn more on the iOS and iPadOS Feature Availability website .
Create a graph
Go to the Calculator app on your iPhone.
Tap , then tap Math Notes.
Type or write an equation with exactly two undefined variables, with one on each side of the equal sign.
You can include defined variables as well. For example, if you know a = 3, you can graph velocity = 0.5 a t ^2. The graph’s y-axis shows velocity , and the x-axis shows t .
When you finish the equation, a menu appears. Tap Insert Graph, then, if asked, tap to assign a variable to the x-axis.
You can also tap an equal sign of any equation you already wrote to create a new graph.
All graphs interpret the equations you enter as y = f(x) . The variable to the left of the equal sign graphs on the y-axis, and the other variable graphs on the x-axis.
Modify a graph
Go to the Calculator app on your iPhone.
Tap , tap Math Notes, then open a Math Note with a graph.
Do any of the following:
See coordinates: Touch and hold the graphed function, then move your finger along the line to see each point’s x- and y-values.
Change the shape of the function: Edit your equation. The graph updates automatically.
Reframe the graph: Tap the graph, then swipe with two fingers to pan.
Zoom in or out: Tap the graph, then pinch open and closed.
Resize the graph: Tap the graph, then drag an edge or corner handle.
Duplicate the graph: Tap the graph, then tap .
Recolor the graph line: Tap the graph, tap , then tap the color dot to the left of the equation.
Work with multiple graphs
Go to the Calculator app on your iPhone.
Tap , then tap Math Notes.
Create a graph , as above.
Type or write another equation, then tap Insert Graph or Add to Existing Graph.
You can also tap an equal sign of any equation you already wrote to add it to an existing graph.
Do any of the following:
Combine graphs on one grid: Tap a graph, tap , then tap the equation in the list that you want to add to the graph. The appears.
Hide a graph line: Tap the graph, tap , then tap to uncheck it.