iPhone User Guide
Crop, rotate, flip, or straighten photos and videos on iPhone
You can use the tools in the Photos app to crop, rotate, flip, straighten, or adjust the size of a photo or video.
When you use iCloud Photos , any edits you make to your photos and videos are saved across all your devices.
Crop, rotate, or flip a photo or video
Go to the Photos app on your iPhone.
Tap a photo or video to open it, then tap .
Tap , then do any of the following:
Crop manually: Drag the rectangle corners to enclose the area you want to keep in the image, or pinch open or closed.
Note: When you drag a corner, the crop tool keeps the original aspect ratio of the photo. To change the aspect ratio, tap the lock at the top-right corner of the photo to unlock the aspect ratio.
Crop to a standard preset ratio: Tap , then choose an option such as Square, Wallpaper, 9:16, or 5:7.
Rotate: Tap to rotate the image 90 degrees.
Flip: Tap to flip the image horizontally.
Tap Done to save your edits, or if you don’t like your changes, tap Cancel, then tap Discard Changes.
Tip: To quickly crop a photo while you’re viewing it, pinch the photo to zoom in. When the photo appears as you want it cropped, tap Crop in the top-right corner of the screen. Make any further adjustments with the crop tools, then tap Done.
Straighten a photo or video and adjust its perspective
You can straighten a photo or video, or tilt it vertically or horizontally.
Go to the Photos app on your iPhone.
Tap a photo or video to open it, then tap .
Tap .
Swipe left under the photo to view editing options.
Tap the effect you want to edit, then drag the slider to make precise adjustments.
The level of adjustment you make is displayed by the slider. Tap the button to switch between the edited photo or video and the original.
Tap Done to save your edits.
Tip: To undo edits after you save, open the photo or video, tap , then tap Revert.
Remove distractions using Apple Intelligence
If you have any iPhone 16 model, iPhone 15 Pro, or iPhone 15 Pro Max, you can use the Clean Up tool to help identify and remove distracting objects in a photo. See Remove distractions from your photos .