iPhone User Guide
Share your location in Find My on iPhone
Before you can use the Find My app  to share your location with friends, you need to set up location sharing.
Note: Location sharing and finding people aren’t available in all countries or regions. If you set up location sharing and others still can’t see your location, make sure Location Services is on in Settings > Privacy & Security > Location Services > Find My. See Control the location information you share .
Set up location sharing
Go to the Find My app on your iPhone.
Tap Me at the bottom of the screen, then turn on Share My Location.
The device sharing your location appears next to From.
If your iPhone isn’t currently sharing your location, you can tap Use This iPhone as My Location.
Note: To share your location from another device, open Find My on the device and change your location to that device. If you share your location from an iPhone that’s paired with Apple Watch (GPS + Cellular models), your location is shared from your Apple Watch when you’re out of range of your iPhone and Apple Watch is on your wrist.
You can also change your location sharing settings in Settings > [ your name ] > Find My.
Set a label for your location
You can set a label for your current location to make it more meaningful (like Home or Work). When you tap Me, you see the label in addition to your location.
Go to the Find My app on your iPhone.
Tap Me at the bottom of the screen, then tap Location.
Select a label.
To add a new label, tap Add Custom Label, enter a name, then tap Done.
Share your location with a friend
Go to the Find My app on your iPhone.
Tap People at the bottom of the screen, tap , then choose Share My Location.
In the To field, type the name of a friend you want to share your location with (or tap and select a contact).
Tap Send and choose how long you want to share your location.
You can also notify a friend or family member when your location changes .
If you’re a member of a Family Sharing group, see Share your location with family members .
Stop sharing your location
You can stop sharing your location with a specific friend or hide your location from everyone.
Stop sharing with a friend: Tap People at the bottom of the screen, then tap the name of the person you don’t want to share your location with. Tap Stop Sharing My Location, then tap Stop Sharing Location.
Hide your location from everyone: Tap Me at the bottom of the screen, then turn off Share My Location.
Respond to a location sharing request
Go to the Find My app on your iPhone.
Tap People at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Share below the name of the friend who sent the request and choose how long you want to share your location.
If you don’t want to share your location, tap Cancel.
Stop receiving new location sharing requests
Go to the Find My app on your iPhone.
Tap Me at the bottom of the screen, then turn off Allow Friend Requests.