iPhone User Guide
Play music on iPhone
Play music you added or downloaded from Apple Music, music and videos you synced to iPhone, and your iTunes Store purchases.
Play songs from your library
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Tap Library, then tap a category, such as Albums or Songs; tap Downloaded to view only music stored on iPhone.
Tip: To play songs from an artist’s entire catalog—mixing hits and deep cuts—go to an artist page, then tap next to the artist’s name.
Scroll to browse—or type in the search field to filter your results—to find what you want to play.
Tap an item, then tap Play, or tap Shuffle to shuffle an album or playlist.
You can also touch and hold a playlist or album, then tap Play.
To change the list of Library categories, tap Edit, then select categories you’d like to add, such as Genres and Compilations. Tap any existing categories to remove them.
Stream recommended songs
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Do any of the following to find music you want to play:
View recommendations tailored for you: Tap Home, then tap a playlist or album.
See what’s new in Apple Music: Tap New, then find music by mood, new releases, charts, and more.
Search the Apple Music catalog: See Search for music .
Tap an item, then tap Play, or tap Shuffle to shuffle an album or playlist.
You can also touch and hold a playlist or album, then tap Play.
Play music from the Lock Screen or when using another app
Open Control Center , then tap the audio card.
Play music shared on a nearby computer
If a computer on your network shares music through Home Sharing, you can stream its music to your iPhone.
On your iPhone, go to Settings > Apps > Music, tap Sign In below Home Sharing, then sign in to your Apple Account.
Go to the Music app , tap Library > Home Sharing, then choose a shared library.
Sort your music
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Tap Library, then tap Playlists, Albums, Songs, TV & Movies, or Music Videos.
Tap , then choose a sorting method, such as Title, Artist, Date Added, or Release Date.
Apple Footer