iPhone User Guide
Listen to radio stations in Music on iPhone
Apple Music features six world-class radio stations (Apple Music 1, Apple Music Hits, Apple Music Country, Apple Music Club, Apple Música Uno, and Apple Music Chill), as well as a collection of stations based on different genres. These stations provide a great way to explore and enjoy new music or keep up with your favorites.
Siri: Say something like: “Play Apple Music Country.” Learn how to use Siri
You can also create your own custom stations, based on your pick of artist, song, or genre.
In addition to radio, you can play Apple Music TV, a free, 24-hour curated livestream of popular new music videos that includes exclusive premieres, music video blocks, live shows and events, chart countdowns, and more.
Play Apple Music radio
You must be signed in to your Apple Account, but you don’t need to subscribe to Apple Music , to play live Apple Music radio stations and Apple Music TV.
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Tap Radio, then tap one of the currently playing Apple Music radio stations.
Note: Because Apple Music radio stations are live radio, you can’t rewind or skip songs.
Choose a radio station by genre
You must subscribe to Apple Music to play curated radio stations, such as Stations by Genre.
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Tap Radio, scroll down, then tap a genre listed below Stations by Genre.
Tap a featured station.
Create a station
You can create a radio station based on a particular artist or song. Chances are, if you like that artist or song, you’ll like the music the station plays.
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Touch and hold an artist or song.
Tap Create Station.
To create a station on the Now Playing screen, tap , then tap Create Station.
Play broadcast radio stations
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Do any of the following:
Use Siri: Activate Siri , then say something like, “Play Wild 94.9” or “Tune in to ESPN Radio.”
Search for a station: Tap Search, enter the station in the search field, then tap a result to play the station.
You can search for stations by name, call sign, frequency, and nickname.
Choose a station in the Radio tab: Tap Radio, scroll up, then choose a station below the Local Broadcasters or International Broadcasters heading.
Note: You don’t need a subscription to Apple Music to play broadcast radio. Broadcast radio isn’t available in all countries or regions and not all stations are available in all countries or regions.