iPhone User Guide
Share your activity in Fitness on iPhone
You can keep your fitness routine on track by sharing your activity with your family and friends—you can even share with a trainer or coach. You can view highlights and get notifications when others meet their goals, finish workouts, and earn achievements.
Add or remove a friend
Go to the Fitness app on your iPhone.
Tap Sharing, tap , then tap Invite a Friend.
Note: If you’re sharing for the first time, tap Sharing, then tap Invite a Friend.
Do any of the following:
Add a friend from your contacts: Enter a contact’s name, then tap the name.
You can also tap to select contacts.
Add a friend’s phone number: Enter a phone number, then tap Return.
Add a friend’s email address: Enter an email address, then tap Return.
Tap Send.
If a friend hasn’t accepted an invitation, tap their name in the Invited area of the Sharing screen, then tap Invite Again.
If you want to unsend an invitation you’ve sent, swipe left next to the friend’s name, then tap Delete.
To remove a friend, tap a friend you’re sharing with, tap , then tap Remove Friend.
View your friends’ activity
You can see highlights of your friends’ activity—like workouts they’ve finished or goals they’ve met. You can also view your friends’ activity rings for the last 7 days and a summary of activities they’ve completed.
Go to the Fitness app on your iPhone.
Tap Sharing, then do any of the following:
View highlights: Swipe left or right below Highlights to see how all of your friends are doing.
View a friend’s activity: Tap a friend’s name below Activity Rings to see a summary of their activity rings for the last 7 days and recently completed activities like workouts and meditations.
Change your friend settings
You can easily adjust friend settings.
Go to the Fitness app on your iPhone.
Tap Sharing, then tap a friend.
Tap , then do any of the following:
View the friend’s contact card: Tap View Contact.
Mute notifications for the friend: Tap Mute Notifications.
Hide your activity progress with a friend: Tap Hide My Activity.
Stop sharing your activity with a friend: Tap Remove Friend.