iPhone User Guide
Play lossless audio in Music on iPhone
Apple Music subscribers can access millions of tracks encoded using lossless audio compression.
Lossless compression is a form of compression that preserves all of the original data. Apple has developed its own lossless audio compression technology called Apple Lossless Audio Codec (ALAC). The entire Apple Music catalog is encoded using ALAC in resolutions ranging from 16-bit/44.1 kHz (CD Quality) up to 24-bit/192 kHz.
What you need to know about lossless in Apple Music
Streaming lossless audio over a cellular or Wi-Fi network consumes significantly more data. And downloading lossless audio uses significantly more space on your device. Higher resolutions use more data than lower ones.
AirPods, AirPods Pro, AirPods Max, and Beats wireless headphones use Apple AAC Bluetooth Codec to ensure excellent audio quality. However, Bluetooth ® connections aren’t lossless.
To get a lossless version of music that you already downloaded from Apple Music, just delete the music and redownload it from the Apple Music catalog.
To play songs at sample rates higher than 48 kHz on iPhone, you need an external digital-to-analog converter.
Note: Apple Music and lossless aren’t available in all countries or regions. See the Apple Support article Availability of Apple Media Services .
Turn on Lossless Audio and choose audio quality settings
You can choose audio quality settings for cellular streaming, Wi-Fi streaming, and downloads.
Go to Settings > Apps > Music.
Tap Audio Quality, then tap Lossless Audio to turn it on or off.
Choose the audio quality for streaming and downloading audio.
Choose Lossless for a maximum resolution of 24-bit/48 kHz.
Choose Hi-Res Lossless for a maximum resolution of 24-bit/192 kHz.
The audio quality of streamed music depends on song availability, network conditions, and the capability of connected headphones or speakers.
Identify lossless music
The Lossless icon appears on album pages when the music is available in lossless audio.
To see the Lossless icon for music on the Now Playing screen, go to Settings > Apps > Music > Audio Quality, then turn on Lossless Audio.
For more information, see the Apple Support article About lossless audio in Apple Music .