iPhone User Guide
Check stocks on iPhone
Use the Stocks app to track market activity and view the performance of stocks you follow.
Siri: Say something like: “How are the markets doing?” or “How’s Apple stock today?” Learn how to use Siri .
Check stocks
Go to the Stocks app on your iPhone.
Tap a ticker symbol in the My Symbols watchlist for more details.
To search for a specific stock, enter a ticker symbol, company name, fund name, or index in the search field at the top of the screen, then tap the symbol in the search results.
See View charts, details, and news .
Manage symbols in the My Symbols watchlist
When you first open the Stocks app, a list of ticker symbols appears on the screen; this is called the My Symbols watchlist. You can update and manage the My Symbols watchlist and create your own watchlists .
Go to the Stocks app on your iPhone.
Tap a symbol to view its most recent price, daily percentage change, market capitalization value, and more.
To make changes to the My Symbols watchlist, do any of the following:
Add a symbol: In the search field, enter a ticker symbol, company name, fund name, or index. In the search results, tap , then tap Done.
Delete a symbol: Swipe left on the symbol in your watchlist.
Note: If you delete a symbol from the My Symbols watchlist, that symbol is also deleted from your other watchlists (see Manage multiple watchlists ).
Reorder symbols: Touch and hold a symbol in your watchlist, then drag it to a new position.
Show currency: Tap , then tap Show Currency to display the currency the stock is traded in.
Share a symbol: Swipe left on a symbol in your watchlist, tap , then choose a sharing option, such as Messages or Mail.
View charts, details, and news
You can view interactive charts, performance details, and related news stories about the ticker symbols in your watchlist and the symbols you search for.
Go to the Stocks app on your iPhone.
Tap a symbol you want to see more details about, then do any of the following:
View the performance over time: Tap an option from the time range selections at the top of the chart.
View the value for a specific date or time: Touch and hold the chart with one finger.
View the difference in value over time: Touch and hold the chart with two fingers.
View more details: Swipe the data below the chart to see additional details like 52-week high and low, Beta, EPS, and average trading volume.
Read news: Swipe up to see additional news stories, then tap a story.
To return to your watchlist, tap .
Tip: Touch and hold a symbol in your watchlist to see a quick view of its performance.