iPhone User Guide
View health records in Health on iPhone
After you set up health record downloads from a healthcare provider, your records are securely and automatically downloaded to iPhone, where they’re available for viewing in the Health app.
View your health records
Go to the Health app on your iPhone.
Tap Browse at the bottom right to display the Health Categories screen, then do one of the following:
Tap the search field, then enter the name of a health record category (such as clinical vitals) or a type of data (such as blood pressure).
Scroll down, then tap a category (such as Allergies or Clinical Vitals) below Health Records.
Scroll down, then tap the name of a specific organization.
To see more details, tap any section where you see .
Note: If you don’t see health records that you expect from a healthcare provider, make sure that you’re signed in to your account with the provider. Tap Browse, scroll to your list of accounts, tap the name of your provider, then sign in if asked.
Pin important lab results
You can pin results so that they appear at the top of the Lab Results screen for quick access.
Go to the Health app on your iPhone.
Tap Browse at the bottom right, scroll down, then tap Lab Results.
Do any of the following:
Swipe right on a result, then tap .
Touch and hold a result, then tap Pin this Lab.
Share your health records with other apps
Third-party apps can request access to your health records. Before you grant access, be sure that you trust the app with your records.
To grant access, choose which categories to share—such as allergies, medications, or immunizations—when asked.
Choose whether to grant access to your current and future health records or to only your current records.
If you choose to share only your current records, you’re asked to grant access whenever new records are downloaded to your iPhone.
To stop sharing health records with the app, turn off its permission to read data from Health.
Delete an organization and its records from iPhone
Go to the Health app on your iPhone.
Tap your picture or initials at the top right, then tap Health Records.
If you don’t see your picture or initials, tap Summary or Browse at the bottom of the screen, then scroll to the top of the page.
Tap the name of an organization, then tap Remove Account.