iPhone User Guide
Organize multiple lists in Reminders on iPhone
In the Reminders app, you can create new lists, organize the lists into groups, and pin lists for quick access.
Note: All Reminders features described in this guide are available when you use updated reminders in iCloud . Some features aren’t available when using other accounts.
Make a new list
Go to the Reminders app on your iPhone.
Tap Lists (in the top-left corner).
Tap Add List.
Enter a name, then choose a color and symbol for the list.
Tap List Type, then choose Standard, Groceries, or Smart List .
Pin an important list above the other lists for easy access
Go to the Reminders app on your iPhone.
Tap Lists (in the top-left corner).
Touch and hold a list, then tap Pin. You can also swipe right on the list, then tap .
You can have a maximum of nine pinned lists.
To change the position of a pinned list, tap , tap Edit Lists, then drag to a new position.
Create a group of lists
You can organize your lists in groups such as work, school, or shopping.
To create a group, simply drag a list onto another list. You can also do the following:
Go to the Reminders app on your iPhone.
Tap Lists (in the top-left corner), tap , then tap Edit Lists.
Tap Add Group, enter a name, select the lists to include in the group (optional), then tap Create.
Edit and rearrange lists and groups
Go to the Reminders app on your iPhone.
Tap Lists (in the top-left corner), then do any of the following:
Rearrange lists and groups: Drag a list or group to a new location. You can even move a list to a different group.
Change the name and appearance of a list or group: Swipe left on the list or group, then tap .
Delete a list or group
Go to the Reminders app on your iPhone.
Tap Lists (in the top-left corner).
Swipe left on the list or group, then tap .
When you delete a group, you have the option to keep the lists.
Deleted lists or groups are moved to Recently Deleted. You can recover them within 30 days of deletion. After 30 days, they’re permanently deleted.