iPhone User Guide
Find new music with Apple Music on iPhone
When you subscribe to Apple Music , you can browse new and noteworthy music, music videos, playlists, and more.
Discover new releases, featured music, and more
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Tap New to find new music, then do any of the following:
Explore featured music: Swipe through featured songs and videos at the top of the screen.
Browse playlists created by music experts: Tap one of the many playlists created by music experts.
See what’s hot: Tap a song below the Trending Songs heading. Swipe left to see more songs.
Explore new music: Swipe through the albums listed below New Releases.
Listen to the top songs from around the world: Tap one of the Daily Top 100 playlists. These playlists reflect the day’s most popular songs in countries across the globe.
Listen to songs from upcoming albums: Tap an album below Coming Soon, then tap an available song to play it.
Watch music videos: Tap Music Videos, then tap a featured music video or playlist of music videos.
Play the day’s most popular songs: Tap Charts, then tap a song, playlist, album, or music video to play it. Tap All Genres at the top of the screen to see the top songs and music videos in a genre you choose.
Browse your favorite genres: Tap Browse by Genre, choose a genre, then tap a featured playlist, song, album, artist, or radio station to enjoy music handpicked by music experts.
Play music that matches your mood: Tap Moods and Activities, then tap a playlist such as Feel Good, Romance, or Party.
Note: To see more music, swipe left on the album art. To see all the music in a section—New Releases, for example—tap next to the section’s name.
Discover your most-played music of the year
For every year you’ve subscribed to Apple Music (and played enough music to become eligible), Apple Music creates a Replay personal chart, ranking the songs you’ve played the most.
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Tap Home, swipe down to Replay: Your Top Songs by Year, then tap a year.
You can also find deeper insights into your listening throughout the year at replay.music.apple.com . See the Apple Support article How to get your Apple Music Replay .
Discover music you’ve never played before
Using your listening history and taste profile, Apple Music recommends music you may like that you’ve never played before.
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Tap Home, then swipe down to Stations for You.
Tap Discovery Station.
Turn on or off new music notifications
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Tap or your profile picture.
Tap Notifications, then turn on (or off) New Music.