iPhone User Guide
Create, edit, and delete music playlists on iPhone
You can create playlists to suit specific moods or to organize songs with a certain theme.
Create playlists to organize your music
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
To create a new playlist, tap Library, tap Playlists, then tap New Playlist.
To more easily identify the playlist later, enter a name and description.
To give your playlist cover art, tap , then take a photo or choose an image from your photo library.
Tap Create, then tap Add Music.
You can search for music, select music from your library, or choose songs listed at the bottom of the screen.
Tap to add music to the playlist.
Tip: If you want to add songs to your library when you add them to a playlist, go to Settings > Apps > Music, then turn on Add Playlist Songs.
Add music to a playlist
After you create a playlist, you can add music to it in several ways.
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Do one of the following:
Touch and hold an album, playlist, song, or music video, tap Add to a Playlist, then choose a playlist.
From the Now Playing screen, tap , tap Add to a Playlist, then choose a playlist.
Edit a playlist
You can rename playlists, change the artwork, add and remove songs, and more.
Note: The owner of a collaborative playlist can make any changes to the playlist. Other participants can only add, remove, or reorder songs in the playlist.
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Tap the playlist, tap , tap Edit, then do any of the following:
Rename the playlist: Tap the current name, then enter a new name.
Edit cover art: Select from a variety of Apple templates to use as cover art or tap to add your own.
Show (or hide) the playlist in your Apple Music profile: Turn on (or off) the “Show in My Profile and in Search” option.
Add songs from your library: Tap , navigate to any place in your library, then tap next to the song.
You can also touch and hold an item (song, album, playlist, or music video), tap Add to a Playlist, then choose a playlist.
Add a Suggested Song: Tap , scroll below the Library options, then tap next to the song.
Suggested Songs also appears at the bottom of your playlist song list. To refresh the list of suggestions, tap .
Delete a song: Tap the song, then tap . Deleting a song from a playlist doesn’t delete it from your library.
Change the song order: Drag next to a song.
Changes you make to your music library are updated across all your devices when Sync Library is turned on (go to Settings > Apps > Music, then turn on Sync Library). If you’re not an Apple Music subscriber, the changes appear in your music library the next time you sync with your computer .
Sort a playlist
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Tap a playlist, then tap at the top right of the screen.
Tap Sort By, then choose an option.
Delete a playlist
If you delete a playlist, the songs in the playlist remain in your library and on your iPhone. If you’re the owner of a collaborative playlist and you delete it, the collaboration ends and the playlist is removed from your library, but it remains in the participants’ library.
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Touch and hold the playlist, then tap Delete from Library.
You can also tap the playlist, tap , then tap Delete from Library.