iPhone User Guide
Intro to Home on iPhone
You can use the Home app to securely add, control, and automate HomeKit and Matter-enabled accessories, such as lights, locks, and thermostats. When you set up security cameras that support HomeKit Secure Video , you can capture video, and receive a notification when a camera recognizes someone or when a package is left at the door. You can also open a compatible lock with a home key , group multiple speakers to play the same audio, and send and receive Intercom messages on supported devices.
You can create automations to run automatically at certain times, or when you activate a particular accessory (for example, when you unlock the front door). You can also control your home remotely with the aid of a home hub—an Apple TV (4th generation or later) or HomePod speakers. This lets you, and others you invite, securely control your home while you’re away.
Note: Matter-enabled accessories require a home hub, such as a HomePod speaker or Apple TV 4K. Thread-based accessories require a Thread-enabled home hub such as Apple TV 4K, HomePod (2nd generation), HomePod mini, or a compatible third-party Thread border router. Thread-enabled iPhone devices are able to locally pair and manage Thread accessories, which may require an update from the accessory manufacturer.
Home overview
The Home app lets you easily navigate and control your accessories. In the Home app, tap the Home tab to show the following sections:
Categories: Tap a category such as Climate, Lights, Security, Speakers & TVs, or Water to show all related accessories on one screen, organized by room.
Cameras: Video from up to four cameras can appear below Cameras. Swipe left to see more cameras.
Scenes: Create scenes to control multiple accessories with a tap or Siri request—tap a scene to close the blinds and turn on the lights in the evening, for example.
Favorites: Add to Favorites the accessories you use most often to quickly control them from the Home tab.
Rooms: Accessories are organized by room, helping you find just the accessory you need.
Edit the Home tab
You can organize the Home tab in ways that suit you best.
Tap , then do any of the following.
Rearrange items: Select Edit Home View, then drag tiles to a different position. Tap Done when you’re finished.
Reorder sections: To change the way sections such as Favorites or Scenes are ordered on the Home tab, choose Reorder Sections, then drag next to a section to a new position. Tap Done when you’re finished.
Resize icons: Select Edit Home View, tap a tile, tap , then tap Done.
To learn more about how to create and accessorize a smart home with your Apple devices, tap Discover at the bottom of the screen.