iPhone User Guide
Sign in with Apple on iPhone
With Sign in with Apple, you can sign in to participating websites and apps with your Apple Account . You don’t need to create and remember new passwords, and your account is protected with two-factor authentication. You can share your Sign in with Apple access with family and trusted contacts.
Sign in with Apple is designed to respect your privacy. Websites and apps can ask only for your name and email address to set up your account, and Apple won’t track you as you use them.
Sign in with Apple requires two-factor authentication for your Apple Account. This protects your Apple Account, your app accounts, and your app content.
Set up or upgrade an account to Sign in with Apple
When a participating website or app asks you to set up or upgrade an account, do the following:
Tap Sign in with Apple.
Follow the onscreen instructions.
Some apps (and websites) don’t request your name and email address. In this case, you simply authenticate with Face ID or Touch ID (depending on your model), then start using the app.
Others may ask for your name and email address to set up a personalized account. When an app asks for this information, Sign in with Apple displays your name and the personal email address from your Apple Account for you to review.
To edit your name, tap it, then use the keyboard to make changes.
To specify an email address, do one of the following:
Use your personal email address: Tap Share My Email.
If you have multiple email addresses associated with your Apple Account, choose the address you want.
Hide your email address: Tap Hide My Email.
This option allows you to receive email from the app without sharing your personal email address. When you choose this option, Apple creates a unique, random email address for you, and any email sent from the app to this address is forwarded to your personal address.
After you review your information and choose an email option, tap Continue, authenticate with Face ID or Touch ID (depending on your model), then start using the app.
Sign in to access your account
After you set up an account with a website or app using Sign in with Apple, you typically don’t need to sign in to it again on your iPhone. But if you’re asked to sign in (for example, after you sign out of an account), do the following:
Tap Sign in with Apple.
Review the Apple Account that appears, then tap Continue.
Authenticate with Face ID or Touch ID (depending on your model).
Change the address used to forward email
If you chose to hide your email address when you created an account and you have more than one address associated with your Apple Account, you can change the address that receives your forwarded email.
Go to Settings > [ your name ] > Name, Phone Numbers, Email > Forward To.
Choose a different email address, then tap Done.
Review or change Sign in with Apple settings for apps
Go to Settings > [ your name ] > Sign in with Apple.
To change a setting for an app, tap it, then do any of the following:
Turn off forwarding email: Tap Manage Hide My Email, tap the app, then turn off Forward To. You won’t receive any further emails from the app.
Stop using Sign in with Apple: Tap Delete, then tap Stop Using. You may be asked to create a new account the next time you try to sign in to the app.
Share your Sign in with Apple access
Go to the Passwords app on your iPhone.
Tap All, then locate and tap the account where you use Sign in with Apple.
Tap Group, then tap New Group.
Enter a name for the group, then tap Add People.
Type the name, email address, or phone number of the person or people you want to add, then tap Add.
Note: To add someone to your group, they must be in your Contacts app and have a device using iOS 17, iPadOS 17, macOS 14, or later. If they can be added to the group, their contact information appears in blue. If it appears in gray, their iPhone, iPad, or Mac might not support shared password groups.
Tap Create.
Sign in with Apple also works on your other devices—iPad, Apple Watch, Mac, Apple TV, and iPod touch—where you’re signed in to the same Apple Account .
To sign in from an Android app, a Windows app, or any web browser, tap Sign in with Apple, then enter your Apple Account password.
For more information, see the Apple Support article What is Sign in with Apple? .