iPhone User Guide
Type with the onscreen keyboard on iPhone
On iPhone, you can use the onscreen keyboard to enter and edit text.
Note: You can also use Magic Keyboard and Dictation to enter text on iPhone.
Enter text using the onscreen keyboard
In any app that allows text editing, open the onscreen keyboard by tapping a text field. Tap individual keys to type, or use QuickPath to type a word by sliding from one letter to the next without lifting your finger (not available for all languages). To end a word, lift your finger. You can use either method as you type, and even switch in the middle of a sentence. (If you tap after sliding to type a word, it deletes the whole word.)
While entering text, you can do any of the following:
Type uppercase letters: Tap , or touch , then slide to a letter.
Turn on Caps Lock: Double-tap .
Quickly end a sentence with a period and a space: Double-tap the Space bar.
Enter numbers, punctuation, or symbols: Tap or .
Undo autocorrect: As you type, misspelled words are automatically corrected and temporarily underlined so you know what’s been changed; to revert to the spelling as you typed it, tap the underlined word, then tap the spelling you want to use.
Correct spelling: Tap a misspelled word (underlined in red) to see suggested corrections, then tap a suggestion to replace the word, or type the correction.
Undo the last edit: Swipe left with three fingers, then tap Undo at the top of the screen.
Redo the last edit: Swipe right with three fingers, then tap Redo at the top of the screen.
Turn on keyboard sounds and haptic feedback
You can customize keyboard settings to hear clicking or feel tapping as you type.
Go to Settings > Sounds & Haptics > Keyboard Feedback, then turn on Sound or Haptic.
Turn the onscreen keyboard into a trackpad
You can turn the onscreen keyboard into a trackpad to easily move and place the insertion point.
Touch and hold the Space bar with one finger until the keyboard turns light gray.
To move the insertion point, slide your finger around the keyboard.
To select text, touch and hold the keyboard with a second finger, then adjust the selection by moving the first finger around the keyboard.
See Select, cut, copy, and paste text for more ways to select text.
Enter accented letters or other characters while typing
While typing on the keyboard, touch and hold the letter, number, or symbol that’s related to the character you want.
For example, to enter é, touch and hold the e key, then slide your finger and release it on the option you want.
You can also do any of the following:
On a Thai keyboard: To choose native numbers, touch and hold the related Arabic number.
On a Chinese, Japanese, or Arabic keyboard: Tap a suggested character or candidate at the top of the keyboard to enter it, or swipe left to see more candidates.
Note: To view the full candidate list, tap the up arrow on the right. To return to the short list, tap the down arrow.
Move text
In a text editing app, select the text you want to move.
Touch and hold the selected text until it lifts up, then drag it to another location within the app.
If you change your mind about moving the text, lift your finger before dragging, or drag the text off the screen.
Change keyboard settings
You can turn special typing features—such as predictive text and auto-correction—off and on.
While typing on the onscreen keyboard, touch and hold or , then tap Keyboard Settings. Or go to Settings > General > Keyboard.
Turn the typing features (below All Keyboards) on or off.
Type with one hand
To make it easier to type with one hand, you can move the keys closer to your thumb.
Touch and hold or .
Tap one of the keyboard layouts. (For example, choose to move the keyboard to the right side of the screen.)
To center the keyboard again, tap the right or left edge of the keyboard.