iPhone User Guide
Make a call on iPhone
There are a number of ways you can make a phone call on your iPhone: dial the number on the keypad, tap a favorite or recent call, or choose a number in your contacts list.
Dial a number
Siri: Say “call” or “dial” followed by a number. Speak each digit separately—for example, “four one five, five five five….” For the 800 area code in the U.S., you can say “eight hundred.” Learn how to use Siri .
Or do the following:
Go to the Phone app on your iPhone.
Tap Keypad at the bottom of the screen, then do any of the following:
Use a different line: On models with Dual SIM , tap the line at the top, then choose a line.
Enter the number using the keypad: If you make a mistake, tap .
Redial the last number: Tap to see the last number you dialed, then tap to call that number.
Paste a number you’ve copied: Tap the phone number field above the keypad, then tap Paste.
Enter a soft (2-second) pause: Touch and hold the star (*) key until a comma appears.
Enter a hard pause (to pause dialing until you tap the Dial button): Touch and hold the pound (#) key until a semicolon appears.
Enter a “+” for international calls: Touch and hold the “0” key until “+” appears.
Tap to start the call.
To end the call, tap .
Add a contact to your favorites
Go to the Phone app on your iPhone.
Tap Favorites at the bottom of the screen.
Tap , choose a contact, then choose the default method of communication (for example, Message, Call, or Video ) and the preferred number.
Call your favorites
You can easily call people you marked as favorites in the Contacts app or the Phone app.
Go to the Phone app on your iPhone.
Tap Favorites, then tap the contact you want to call.
The call begins immediately to the preferred number you entered for the contact in Favorites.
On models with Dual SIM , iPhone chooses the line for the call in the following order:
The preferred line for this contact (if set)
The line used for the last call to or from this contact
The default voice line
To manage your Favorites list, do any of the following:
Add a favorite: Tap Favorites, tap , then choose a contact.
Rearrange or delete favorites: Tap Edit.
Redial or return a recent call
Siri: Say something like: “Redial that last number” or “Return my last call.” Learn how to use Siri .
You can also do the following:
Go to the Phone app on your iPhone.
Tap Recents, then tap a name or number in the Recents list.
The call begins as soon as you tap the name or number.
To get more info about a call and the caller, tap next to the name or phone number in Recents.
A red badge indicates the number of missed calls.
Call someone on your contacts list
Siri: Say something like: “Call Eliza’s mobile.” Learn how to use Siri .
Or do the following:
Go to the Phone app on your iPhone.
Tap Contacts at the bottom of the screen.
Tap the contact, then tap the phone number you want to call.
On models with Dual SIM , the default voice line is used for the call unless you set a preferred line for this contact.
WARNING: For important information about avoiding distractions that could lead to dangerous situations, see Important safety information for iPhone .