iPhone User Guide
Disposal and recycling information for iPhone
Apple Recycling Program (available in some countries or regions)
For free recycling of your old device, a prepaid shipping label, and instructions, see the Apple Trade In website .
Disposal and Recycling Information
The symbol above means that according to local laws and regulations your product and/or its battery shall be disposed of separately from household waste. When this product reaches its end of life, take it to a collection point designated by local authorities. The separate collection and recycling of your product and/or its battery at the time of disposal will help conserve natural resources and ensure that it is recycled in a manner that protects human health and the environment. For information about Apple’s recycling program, recycling collection points, restricted substances, and other environmental initiatives, visit apple.com/environment .
Brasil – Informações sobre descarte e reciclagem
O símbolo acima indica que este produto e/ou sua bateria não devem ser descartados no lixo doméstico. Quando decidir descartar este produto e/ou sua bateria, faça-o de acordo com as leis e diretrizes ambientais locais. Para informações sobre substâncias de uso restrito, o programa de reciclagem da Apple, pontos de coleta e telefone de informações, visite apple.com/br/environment .
Información sobre eliminación de residuos y reciclaje
El símbolo de arriba indica que este producto y/o su batería no debe desecharse con los residuos domésticos. Cuando decidas desechar este producto y/o su batería, hazlo de conformidad con las leyes y directrices ambientales locales. Para obtener información sobre el programa de reciclaje de Apple, puntos de recolección para reciclaje, sustancias restringidas y otras iniciativas ambientales, visita apple.com/mx/environment o apple.com/la/environment .
Turkey environmental information
Türkiye Cumhuriyeti: AEEE Yönetmeliğine Uygundur.
Battery service
The lithium-ion battery in iPhone should be serviced by Apple or an authorized service provider, and must be recycled or disposed of separately from household waste. See the Battery Service and Recycling website .
Dispose of batteries according to your local environmental laws and guidelines.