iPhone User Guide
Work with templates in Reminders on iPhone
In the Reminders app, you can save a list as a template to reuse it for routines, packing lists, and more. Create a link to publish and share a template with others, or download templates that others have shared.
Save a list as a template
Go to the Reminders app on your iPhone.
When viewing a list, tap , then tap Save as Template.
Enter a name for the template.
Turn on or off Include Completed Reminders, then tap Save.
After you make a template from a list, any changes you make to that list don’t affect the template.
Make a new list from a template
Go to the Reminders app on your iPhone.
When viewing your lists, tap , tap Templates, then tap the name of a template.
Enter a name for the list, then tap Create.
Edit or delete a template
Any changes you make to a template don’t affect lists previously created from the template.
Go to the Reminders app on your iPhone.
When viewing your lists, tap , tap Templates, then tap next to the template you want to manage.
Choose one of the following:
Edit Template: Add, edit, or delete any items in the template. You can also change the name, color, and icon for the template.
Delete Template: Remove the template.
Share a template
When you share a template, Apple servers have access so that anyone with the link can download a copy of the template on a device using iOS 16, iPadOS 16, macOS 13, or later. You can choose whether to keep any dates, tags, or locations in the shared template; images are removed.
Go to the Reminders app on your iPhone.
When viewing your lists, tap , tap Templates, then tap next to the template you want to share.
Tap Share Template, then choose a method for sharing.
To manage a shared template, tap , tap Templates, tap , then tap Manage Link.
If you make changes to the template after sharing, you can update the shared version. Anyone who downloaded the previous version needs to download the template again to get the updates.
If you stop sharing a template, this doesn’t affect anyone who has already downloaded the template.