iPhone User Guide
Send stickers in Messages on iPhone
Express yourself by adding stickers that match your personality and mood to your text messages.
Send a sticker in a message
Go to the Messages app on your iPhone.
Start a new message or open a conversation.
Tap , tap Stickers, then tap the icon for any of the following sticker packs:
Live Stickers you or a friend made: Tap . See Create new Live Stickers and Save other people’s Live Stickers , below.
Emoji: Tap .
Memoji: Tap , tap a Memoji in the top row to view the stickers in the sticker pack, then choose a pose or expression. See Create and send Memoji in Messages on iPhone .
Stickers from other creators: Download a sticker app from the App Store. See Add iMessage apps .
Add a message (optional), then tap .
You can also send stickers from the emoji keyboard. See Make a sticker with the iPhone keyboard .
Place stickers on a conversation
You can add stickers on message bubbles in conversations, and angle the stickers or make them different sizes. You can also place a sticker on top of another sticker.
Go to the Messages app on your iPhone.
Start a new message or open a conversation.
Tap , tap Stickers, then tap an icon—such as , , or —in the top row to browse a sticker pack.
Drag a sticker onto a bubble, then do any of the following:
Adjust the angle: Rotate a second finger around the finger dragging the sticker.
Adjust the size: Move a second finger closer to or away from the finger dragging the sticker.
Your recipients see the sticker as soon as you place it on a message.
To find out who sent a sticker in a conversation, touch and hold the sticker, then tap Sticker Details.
Tip: Quickly add stickers to messages. Touch and hold a message, tap Add Sticker, then choose a sticker to appear on a corner of that message bubble.
Move, resize, or delete stickers
After you place a sticker on top of message bubbles in conversations, you can make changes to it.
Do any of the following:
Move or resize a sticker: Touch and hold the sticker, then make any changes.
Delete a sticker: Touch and hold the message bubble, tap Sticker Details, swipe left on the sticker you want to delete (on your iPhone only), then tap .
See any text covered by a sticker: Double-tap the message bubble.
To change stickers sent in a message bubble, see Unsend and edit messages .
Note: You and your recipients must be using iOS 17.2, iPadOS 17.2, macOS 14.1, watchOS 10.2, visionOS 1, or later, to see these updates to stickers.
Create new Live Stickers
You can create your own Live Stickers to use in messages by lifting subjects from photos and adding effects that help bring the stickers to life.
Go to the Messages app on your iPhone.
Start a new message or open a conversation, tap , then tap Stickers.
Tap , tap , tap a photo, then tap Add Sticker.
Tip: To create a Live Sticker that moves, use a Live Photo. See Make stickers from your photos .
To add an effect, touch and hold the sticker, tap Add Effect, choose an option (such as Comic or Shiny), then tap Done.
Save other people’s Live Stickers
When someone sends you a Live Sticker you like, you can save it to reuse later.
Go to the Messages app on your iPhone.
Open a conversation with a sticker you want to save.
Touch and hold the sticker, then do one of the following:
For a sticker sent in a message: Tap Save to Stickers.
For a sticker placed on a message bubble: Tap Sticker Details, then tap Save.
You can also create and send Memoji that use your voice and mirror your facial expressions.