iPhone User Guide
Organize email in mailboxes on iPhone
You can manage your email in mailboxes.
Manage an email with a swipe
While viewing a message list, you can use a simple swipe to move individual emails to the Trash, mark them as read, and more.
Go to the Mail app on your iPhone.
In a message list, do any of the following:
Reveal a list of actions: Slowly drag a message to the left until the menu appears, then tap an item.
Quickly use the rightmost action: Swipe all the way to the left.
Reveal other actions: Swipe right.
To choose the actions you want to appear in the menus, go to Settings > Apps > Mail > Swipe Options (below Message List).
Organize your mail with mailboxes
You can choose which mailboxes to view, reorder your mailboxes, create new ones, or rename or delete mailboxes. (Some mailboxes can’t be changed.)
Go to the Mail app on your iPhone.
To organize your mailboxes, tap in the upper-left corner until you see Mailboxes.
Tap Edit, then do any of the following:
View mailboxes: Select the checkboxes next to the mailboxes you want to include in the mailboxes list.
Reorder mailboxes: Touch and hold next to a mailbox until it lifts up, then drag it to the new position.
Create a new mailbox: Tap New Mailbox in the lower-right corner, then follow the onscreen instructions.
Rename a mailbox: Tap the mailbox, then tap the title. Delete the name, then enter a new name.
Delete a mailbox: Tap the mailbox, then tap Delete Mailbox.
Move emails to a mailbox
Go to the Mail app on your iPhone.
Do any of the following:
While viewing a Primary message: Tap , then choose a mailbox.
While viewing a category message list: Tap Select, then select the messages you want to move by tapping their checkboxes. Tap Move at the bottom of the message list, then choose a mailbox.
Important: When you select messages in Transactions, Updates, or Promotions, you are selecting all the messages in that category from the sender.
While viewing a sender’s digest view: Swipe left on a message, tap , tap Move Message, then choose a mailbox.
View emails from one account at a time
If you use multiple email accounts with the Mail app, you can use the mailboxes list to view messages from one account at a time.
Go to the Mail app on your iPhone.
Tap in the upper-left corner until you see Mailboxes, then tap a mailbox below the email account you want to access.
Each mailbox listed below a particular email account only displays messages from that email account. For example, to view only messages sent from your iCloud account, tap iCloud, then tap Sent.
Move emails to Junk
Go to the Mail app on your iPhone.
Do any of the following:
While viewing a Primary message: Tap , then tap Move to Junk.
While viewing a category message list: Tap Select, then select the messages you want to move by tapping their checkboxes. Tap Mark at the bottom of the message list, then tap Move to Junk.
Important: When you select messages in Transactions, Updates, or Promotions, you are selecting all the messages in that category from the sender.
While viewing a sender’s digest view: Swipe left on a message, tap then tap Move to Junk.