iPhone User Guide
While on a call on iPhone
When you’re on a phone call on iPhone, you can switch the audio to the speaker or a Bluetooth® device.
Adjust the audio during a call
To change the volume, press the volume buttons on the side of iPhone. Or swipe down on the call banner, then do any of the following:
Mute: Tap the Mute button.
Put the call on hold: Touch and hold the Mute button.
Talk handsfree: Tap the Audio button, then choose an audio destination.
Use another app while on a call
Go to the Home Screen , then open the app.
To return to the call, tap the green call indicator at the top of the screen.
Respond to a second call on the same line
If you’re on a call and receive a second call, do one of the following:
Ignore the call and send it to voicemail: Tap Ignore.
End the first call and answer the new one: When using a GSM network, tap End + Accept. With a CDMA network, tap End; when the second call rings back, tap Accept, or drag the slider if iPhone is locked.
Put the first call on hold and answer the new one: Tap Hold + Accept.
To switch between calls when you have a call on hold, tap Swap to switch between calls, or tap Merge Calls to talk with both parties at once. See Start a conference or three-way call .
Note: With CDMA, you can’t switch between calls if the second call was outgoing, but you can merge the calls. You can’t merge calls if the second call was incoming. If you end the second call or the merged call, both calls end.
On models with Dual SIM , note the following:
Wi-Fi Calling must be turned on for a line to enable that line to receive calls while the other line is in use for a call. If you receive a call on one line while the other is in use for a call, and no Wi-Fi connection is available, iPhone uses the cellular data of the line that’s in use for the call to receive the other line’s call. Charges may apply. The line that’s in use for the call must be permitted for data use in your Cellular Data settings (either as the default line, or as the non-default line with Allow Cellular Data Switching turned on) to receive the other line’s call.
If you don’t turn on Wi-Fi Calling for a line, any incoming phone calls on that line (including calls from emergency services) go directly to voicemail (if available from your carrier) when the other line is in use; you won’t receive missed call notifications.
If you set up conditional call forwarding (if available from your carrier) from one line to another when a line is busy or not in service, the calls don’t go to voicemail; contact your carrier for setup information.