iPhone User Guide
Get information about your iPhone
View overall storage availability and storage used per app
Go to Settings > General > iPhone Storage.
See the Apple Support articles How to check the storage on your iPhone and iPad and Manage your iCloud storage .
See battery usage
Go to Settings > Battery to see the elapsed time since iPhone was charged as well as battery usage by app.
You can also display battery level as a percentage, turn Low Power Mode on or off, and check your battery’s health.
See Monitor the iPhone battery level .
View call time and cellular usage
Go to Settings > Cellular. See View or change cellular data settings on iPhone .
Find your IMEI
You can view the IMEI (International Mobile Equipment Identity) for your iPhone in Settings.
Go to Settings > General > About.
Scroll down to find your IMEI.
See the name, model, iOS version, serial number, and more
Go to Settings > General > About. The items you can view include:
Name
iOS software version
Model name
Part and model numbers. To the right of Model, the part number appears. To see the model number, tap the part number.
Serial number
Number of songs, videos, photos, and apps
Capacity and available storage space
Wi-Fi and Bluetooth® addresses
Cellular network
Carrier settings. To the right of Carrier, the carrier settings version number appears. To see additional carrier-specific information, tap the version number. Contact your carrier for more details.
ICCID (Integrated Circuit Card Identifier, or Smart Card) for GSM networks
MEID (Mobile Equipment Identifier) for CDMA networks
Modem firmware
To copy the serial number and other identifiers, touch and hold the identifier until Copy appears.
To see Legal & Regulatory information (including legal notices and license, warranty, and RF exposure information) and regulatory marks, go to Settings > General > Legal & Regulatory.
On supported models , you can also find the IMEI on the SIM card tray and the model number in the SIM tray opening.
View or turn off diagnostic information
Go to Settings > Privacy & Security > Analytics & Improvements.
To help Apple improve products and services, iPhone sends diagnostic and usage data. This data doesn’t personally identify you, but may include location information.