iPhone User Guide
Reply to and forward emails in Mail on iPhone
You can reply to or forward emails in the Mail app.
Reply to an email
Go to the Mail app on your iPhone.
Tap the message, tap , then do one of the following:
Reply to just the sender: Tap Reply.
Reply to the sender and the other recipients: Tap Reply All.
Type your response.
Quote some text when you reply to an email
When you reply to an email message, you can include text from the sender to clarify what you’re responding to.
Go to the Mail app on your iPhone.
In the sender’s message, touch and hold the first word of the text, then drag to the last word. (See Select, cut, copy, and paste text .)
Tap , tap Reply, then type your message.
Note: To turn off the indentation of quoted text, go to Settings > Apps > Mail > Increase Quote Level (below Composing), then turn off Increase Quote Level.
Forward an email
You can send an email message forward to new recipients.
Go to the Mail app on your iPhone.
Tap in the message, tap , then tap Forward.
If there are attachments in the original message—like photos or documents—you can decide whether to include them in the forwarded message. Choose Include or Don’t Include.
Enter the email addresses of the new recipients.
Tap in the message, then type your response. The forwarded message appears below.
Follow up on emails
If you send an email message and don’t receive a response for several days, the message automatically moves back to the top of your inbox to help you remember to follow up.
To turn off Follow Up Suggestions, go to Settings > Apps > Mail, then turn off Follow Up Suggestions.
Set up an automatic reply in Mail
On iCloud.com , you can set up an automatic reply to respond to incoming email messages or automatically forward messages to another inbox. See Set up an automatic reply in Mail on iCloud.com .
Use Smart Reply
If you have any iPhone 16 model, iPhone 15 Pro, or iPhone 15 Pro Max, Apple Intelligence can suggest a reply to email you receive. See Use Smart Reply in Mail .