iPhone User Guide
See your activity summary in Fitness on iPhone
You can see a summary of your daily activity, trends, awards, and more, to keep track of your progress. You can also add, edit, move, and delete the metrics that appear in your summary.
Siri: On supported models , say something like: “How far have I walked today?” or “How are my Activity Rings?” Not available in all languages or regions. Learn how to use Siri .
Check your progress
Go to the Fitness app at any time to see how you’re doing. You can see your Activity rings, trends, completed workouts and meditations, awards, and more.
When you carry your iPhone with you, motion sensors track your steps, distance, and flights climbed to estimate active calories burned. Any workouts you complete in compatible third-party apps also contribute to the progress shown on your Move ring.
The red Move ring shows how many active calories you’ve burned. And if you have an Apple Watch, you’ll also see a green Exercise ring (showing how many minutes of brisk activity you’ve done), and a blue Stand ring (showing how many times in the day you’ve stood and moved for at least 1 minute per hour).
An overlapping ring means you exceeded your goal. Tap the Activity rings to see details of your progress for that day.
Note: You can add a Fitness widget that lets you track your daily activity directly from your Home Screen or Lock Screen. See Add, edit, and remove widgets and Create a custom iPhone Lock Screen .
See your summary
Go to the Fitness app on your iPhone.
Tap the Summary tab, then do any of the following:
See your activity summary for a specific day: Tap the Activity rings, tap , then tap a date.
See your steps metrics: Tap the Step Count or Step Distance area.
See your trends: Tap the Trends area. To see the history of a specific trend, tap it.
Your last 90 days of activity are compared to the last 365. If the trend arrow for a particular metric points up, then you’re maintaining or improving your fitness levels. If an arrow points down, your 90-day average for that metric has started to decline. To help motivate you to turn the trend around, you receive coaching—for example, “Walk an extra quarter mile a day.”
Note: It takes 180 days of activity to start your trends.
See your awards: Tap the Awards area, then tap an award to learn more about its details.
See your workout and meditation history: Tap the Sessions area, then tap an activity to learn more about its details.
To view all categories of your summary, scroll down to the bottom of the screen, then tap See All Categories.
Customize your summary
You can add, edit, move, and remove fitness metrics in the Summary tab, so you can see what’s important to you.
Go to the Fitness app on your iPhone.
Scroll down, then tap Edit Summary.
Do any of the following:
Add a metric: Tap , scroll to find the metric you want, tap it, swipe through the different options, then tap Add Card.
Edit a metric: Tap a metric, swipe through the different options, then tap Swap Current Card.
Move a metric: Touch and hold a metric, then reposition it.
Delete a metric: Tap next to a metric.
When you’re finished, tap Done.