iPhone User Guide
Import and export photos and videos on iPhone
You can import photos and videos directly to the Photos app from a digital camera, an SD memory card, or another iPhone or iPad that has a camera. You can also export unmodified versions of your photos and videos directly to an external drive, memory card, or other storage device that’s connected to your iPhone.
Import photos and videos to your iPhone
Import photos and videos saved on another device such as a digital camera or an external drive to the Photos app  on your iPhone.
Insert the camera adapter or card reader into the Lightning or USB-C connector, or connect the device directly to your iPhone.
Do one of the following:
Connect a camera: Connect the adapter to the camera, then turn on the camera and make sure it’s in transfer mode. For more information, see the documentation that came with the camera.
Connect an external storage device or insert an SD memory card into the card reader: Don’t force the card into the slot on the reader; it fits only one way.
Connect an iPhone or iPad: Use the Lightning adapter or the USB-C cable that came with the device to connect it to the camera adapter. Turn on and unlock the device.
Go to the Photos app on your iPhone.
Tap Import.
Select the photos and videos you want to import, then select your import destination.
Import all items: Tap Import All.
Import selected items: Tap the items you want to import (a checkmark appears for each), tap Import, then tap Import Selected.
After the photos and videos have been imported, keep or delete them on the camera, card, iPhone, or iPad.
Disconnect the camera adapter or card reader.
Export photos and videos to an external storage device
You can export photos and videos you took on your iPhone directly to an external drive, a memory card, or other storage device.
Note: For photos and videos that have been edited, the unmodified original version will be exported.
Connect your iPhone to the storage device using the Lightning or USB-C connector, or connect the device directly to your iPhone.
Go to the Photos app on your iPhone.
Select the photos and videos you want to export.
Tap , then tap Export Unmodified Original.
Tap your storage device (below Locations), then tap Save.