iPhone User Guide
Subscribe to Apple News+ on iPhone
In the News app, Apple News+ lets you enjoy hundreds of magazines, popular newspapers, and content from premium digital publishers directly on your iPhone.
You can subscribe to Apple News+ or to Apple One Premier, which includes Apple News+ and other Apple services. See the Apple Support article Bundle Apple subscriptions with Apple One .
As a subscriber, when you tap Best of News+ in the News+ tab, you can browse a collection of story headlines and publications personalized just for you. You also have access to current and available back issues of publications, can listen to audio stories, and can download content for offline reading and share stories and issues with others. Additionally, you can solve crossword, crossword mini, Quartiles, and sudoku puzzles.
As a nonsubscriber, you can browse, but not read, the stories and publications that appear when you tap Best of News+. You can also view the entire Apple News+ catalog, and browse issues by category—Entertainment and Food, for example. Nonsubscribers may also be able to play a few puzzles for free and listen to short previews of audio stories. To read stories and issues, listen to complete Apple News+ audio stories, and play daily puzzles, start a free trial or subscribe.
Note: Apple News, Apple News+, Apple One, puzzles, and the audio feature aren’t available in all countries or regions. See the Apple Support article Availability of Apple Media Services .
Subscribe to Apple News+
Go to the News app on your iPhone.
Tap the subscription button shown in a magazine, puzzle, or story in News, then follow the onscreen instructions.
You may be asked to sign in to your Apple Account.
Share Apple News+ with family members
When you subscribe to Apple News+ or Apple One Premier, you can use Family Sharing to share Apple News+ with up to five other family members. Your family group members don’t need to do anything—Apple News+ is available to them the first time they open the News app after your subscription begins.
If you join a family group that subscribes to Apple News+ or Apple One Premier, and you already subscribe, your subscription isn’t renewed on your next billing date; instead, you use the group’s subscription. If you join a family group that doesn’t subscribe, the group uses your subscription.
Note: To stop sharing Apple News+ with a family group, you can cancel the subscription, leave a Family Sharing group , or remove a member from a Family Sharing group .
Cancel or change your Apple News+ subscription
Go to the News app on your iPhone.
Tap Following, swipe up, tap Subscriptions below Manage, then do one of the following:
Apple News+ only: Tap Cancel Subscription, then follow the onscreen instructions.
Apple News+ and individual channels: Select Apple News+, tap Cancel Subscription, then follow the onscreen instructions.
If you subscribe to Apple News+ as part of an Apple One Premier subscription and want to cancel your subscription, see the Apple Support article If you want to cancel a subscription from Apple .