iPhone User Guide
Share Apple and App Store subscriptions with family members on iPhone
When you’re in a Family Sharing group , you can share Apple subscriptions and eligible App Store subscriptions with other family members.
If your Family Sharing group has purchase sharing turned on, any subscriptions shared with the group are billed directly to the organizer’s default payment method.
Note: Not all services are available in all countries or regions, and some selections are subject to content restrictions set in Screen Time.
Share Apple subscriptions
Go to Settings > Family.
Tap Subscriptions, then do one of the following:
Tap a subscription you want to share, then follow the onscreen instructions.
Tap Manage Subscriptions, then tap a subscription.
See any of the following to learn more.
Apple Arcade: See Subscribe to Apple Arcade . All members of your family can download and play Apple Arcade games from the App Store. Each player gets a personalized account—your progress is carried over between devices.
Apple Fitness+: See Apple Fitness+ at a glance in the Apple Fitness+ User Guide. All members of your family can access workouts in the Fitness app on their iPhone or iPad.
Apple Music: See Subscribe to Apple Music . With a family subscription, each family member gets their own music library and personal recommendations.
Apple News+: See Subscribe to Apple News+ . All members of your family can read Apple News+ publications for no additional charge.
Apple TV+ and Apple TV channels: See Subscribe to Apple TV+, MLS Season Pass, or an Apple TV channel and Subscribe to Apple TV channels and apps . Each family member can watch on their iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac, Apple TV, and supported smart TVs and streaming devices, using their own Apple Account and password.
iCloud+: See Subscribe to iCloud+ . When you share iCloud+, all family members have access to iCloud+ features and storage. For storage, you only share the space—your photos and documents stay private and everyone keeps using their own accounts.
For information about combining your Apple subscriptions, see the Apple Support article Bundle Apple subscriptions with Apple One .
Share App Store subscriptions
You can choose which eligible App Store subscriptions you share with family members. For information about the App Store, see Get apps in the App Store .
Go to Settings > Family > Subscriptions > Manage Subscriptions.
Do either of the following:
Share all new subscriptions: Turn on Share with Family. When you purchase a new subscription that’s eligible for sharing, it’s shared with your Family Sharing members by default.
Change the settings of a specific subscription: Tap a subscription, then turn Share with Family on or off.
If you don’t see Share with Family, the subscription isn’t eligible for sharing.