iPhone User Guide
Use automations in Home on iPhone
In the Home app, you can run automations based on the time of day, your location, the activation of a sensor, or the action of an accessory. You can use preconfigured automations included with the Home app, or create automations of your own.
Thread-based accessories require a Thread-enabled home hub such as Apple TV 4K, HomePod (2nd generation), HomePod mini, or a compatible third-party Thread border router for you to run automations, receive notifications, and control accessories while away.
Use a preconfigured automation
Go to the Home app on your iPhone.
On the Home tab, touch and hold an accessory, then tap Accessory Settings.
Turn on an automation.
To disable an automation, return to the accessory’s setting screen, then turn it off.
Create an automation
Go to the Home app on your iPhone.
On the Home tab, tap .
Tap Add Automation, then choose one of the following automation triggers:
When arriving at or leaving a location: Tap People Arrive or People Leave. Choose when the automation is activated by people arriving or leaving, the location, and the time the automation works.
At a time of day: Tap A Time of Day Occurs, then choose when you want this automation to run.
If you choose Sunset or Sunrise, times vary as the season changes.
You can also set an automation to only occur after sunset, which is useful for turning on lights just when they’re needed.
When an accessory changes: Tap An Accessory is Controlled, select an accessory, tap Next, then follow the onscreen instructions.
You might use this, for example, to run a scene when you unlock the front door.
A sensor detects something: If you’ve added a sensor to Home, tap A Sensor Detects Something, select an accessory, tap Next, then follow the onscreen instructions.
You might use this, for example, to turn on lights in a stairway when motion is detected nearby.
Manage and edit automations
Go to the Home app on your iPhone.
Tap the Automation tab at the bottom of the Home app screen.
Tap an automation, then do any of the following:
Enable or disable the automation
Choose when the automation happens
Add or remove accessories
Test the automation
Delete the automation
Add a Siri shortcut
To make your automation even more efficient, you can add a Siri Shortcut to it.
When choosing accessories to control with an automation, swipe up, then tap Convert To Shortcut.
Tap Next, name the automation (optional), then tap Done.
See the Shortcuts User Guide .