iPhone User Guide
Set up Face ID on iPhone
Use Face ID ( supported models ) to securely and conveniently unlock iPhone, authorize purchases and payments, and sign in to many third-party apps by simply glancing at your iPhone.
To use Face ID, you must also set a passcode on your iPhone.
Set up Face ID or add an alternate appearance
If you didn’t set up Face ID when you first set up your iPhone, go to Settings > Face ID & Passcode > Set up Face ID, then follow the onscreen instructions.
To set up an additional appearance for Face ID to recognize, go to Settings > Face ID & Passcode > Set Up an Alternate Appearance, then follow the onscreen instructions.
Choose when to use Face ID
You can use Face ID to unlock your iPhone, authorize payments, automatically fill in passwords, and open password-protected apps.
Go to Settings > Face ID & Passcode, then turn on options below Use Face ID For.
Use Face ID while wearing a face mask
On iPhone 12 models, iPhone 13 models, iPhone 14 models, iPhone 15 models, and iPhone 16 models, you can use Face ID to unlock your phone while you wear a face mask (or other covering that blocks your mouth and nose).
When you turn on Face ID with a Mask, Face ID analyzes the unique characteristics around your eyes, and it works with all of the Face ID options you turn on in Settings > Face ID & Passcode.
Note: Face ID is most accurate when it’s set up for full-face recognition only.
Go to Settings > Face ID & Passcode, then do any of the following:
Allow Face ID to work while you wear a face mask: Turn on Face ID with a Mask, then follow the onscreen instructions.
Important: If you usually wear glasses, you can improve the accuracy of Face ID by wearing a pair of transparent glasses (not sunglasses) when you turn on Face ID with a Mask.
Add a pair of transparent glasses (not sunglasses) to your appearance: Tap Add Glasses, then follow the onscreen instructions.
Don’t allow Face ID to work while you wear a face mask: Turn off Face ID with a Mask.
Alternatively, you can use Apple Watch with all models of iPhone that support Face ID to unlock iPhone while you wear a face mask. See Unlock iPhone with Apple Watch .
Temporarily disable Face ID
You can temporarily prevent Face ID from unlocking your iPhone.
Press and hold the side button and either volume button for 2 seconds.
After the sliders appear, press the side button to immediately lock iPhone.
iPhone locks automatically if you don’t touch the screen for a minute or so.
The next time you unlock iPhone with your passcode, Face ID is enabled again.
Turn off Face ID
Go to Settings > Face ID & Passcode.
Do one of the following:
Turn off Face ID for specific items only: Turn off one or more of the options.
Turn off Face ID for face masks: Turn off Face ID with a Mask.
Turn off Face ID: Tap Reset Face ID.
If your device is lost or stolen, you can prevent Face ID from being used to unlock your device with Find My iPhone Lost Mode. (See Locate a device in Find My .)
For more information about Face ID, see About Face ID advanced technology .