iPhone User Guide
Share iCloud calendars on iPhone
In the Calendar app, you can share an iCloud calendar with other iCloud users. When you share a calendar, others can see it, and you can let them add or change events. You can also share a read-only version that anyone can view but not change.
Create an iCloud calendar
Go to the Calendar app on your iPhone.
Tap Calendars at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Add Calendar.
Tap Add Calendar, enter a name for the new calendar, then tap Done.
If iCloud isn’t your default calendar, tap Accounts, then tap iCloud. See Change your Calendar settings .
Share an iCloud calendar
You can share a calendar with one or more people in iCloud. Those you invite receive an invitation to join the calendar.
Go to the Calendar app on your iPhone.
Tap Calendars at the bottom of the screen.
Tap next to the iCloud calendar you want to share.
Tap Add Person, then enter a name or email address, or tap to browse your contacts.
Note: Your contacts must have an email address to share an iCloud calendar. See Add and use contact information .
Tap Add, then tap Done.
Change a person’s access to a shared calendar
After you invite a person to share your calendar, you can turn on or off their ability to edit the calendar, or stop sharing the calendar with that person.
Go to the Calendar app on your iPhone.
Tap Calendars, tap next to the shared calendar, then tap the person’s name.
Do any of the following:
Turn Allow Editing on or off.
Tap Stop Sharing.
Turn off notifications for shared calendars
When someone modifies a calendar you’re sharing, you’re notified of the change. You can turn off notifications, if you don’t want to receive them.
Go to Settings > Notifications > Calendar > Customize Notifications.
Turn off Shared Calendar Changes.
Share a read-only calendar with anyone
Go to the Calendar app on your iPhone.
Tap Calendars, then tap next to the iCloud calendar you want to share.
Turn on Public Calendar, then tap Share Link to copy or send the URL for your calendar.
Choose a method for sending the URL—Messages, Mail, and so on.
Anyone you send the URL to can use it to subscribe to the calendar using a compatible app, such as Calendar for macOS.
Delete a calendar
Go to the Calendar app on your iPhone.
Tap Calendars at the bottom of the screen.
Tap next to the iCloud calendar you want to delete.
Tap Delete Calendar at the bottom of the list.