iPhone User Guide
Get walking directions in Maps on iPhone
You can get detailed walking directions to your destination. You can preview the elevation for your walk and choose a route that best avoids hills, stairs, and busy roads.
Get walking directions
Go to the Maps app on your iPhone.
Touch and hold anywhere on the map or enter an address in the search field, then tap Directions or .
Tap Go or Steps for the route you want to take.
If you tap Go, as you walk along your route, Maps speaks walking-specific directions for turns and maneuvers like walking up stairs.
Siri: You can also say something like: “Give me walking directions home.” Learn how to use Siri .
For thousands of trails in parks across the U.S., you can find out their length, preview elevation information, see photos, and more. See Browse and save hikes .
Note: Turn-by-turn spoken directions are available in select areas. Features vary by country and region. See the iOS and iPadOS Feature Availability website .
Avoid hills, busy roads, or stairs
Go to the Maps app on your iPhone.
Get walking directions .
Tap Avoid (below the destination), choose your options, then tap Apply.
Automatically see directions in augmented reality
On supported models and in select areas, you can view immersive walking instructions that use the iPhone camera and augmented reality to show you where to turn.
Go to Settings > Apps > Maps.
Tap Walking (below the destination), then turn on Raise to View.
Get walking directions .
Raise iPhone, tap , then follow the onscreen instructions.
To return to the map, tap .
Improve how accurately iPhone determines your location while walking
You can improve how accurately your iPhone determines your location and which way you’re facing while walking. This feature uses the camera and the motion sensors ( models with Face ID and iPhone SE 2nd generation and later).
Go to Settings > Apps > Maps.
Tap Walking (below the destination), then turn on Enhanced.
You can turn off this feature to decrease battery usage.