iPhone User Guide
Change or add stops to your route in Maps on iPhone
While following driving or cycling directions, you can add places to stop along your route.
Note: Directions for multiple stops are available in select countries and regions.
Change the starting point or destination
Go to the Maps app on your iPhone.
Get directions .
Do one of the following:
Switch the starting point and destination: Touch and hold for the starting location, then drag it below the destination.
Choose a different starting point or destination: Tap either the start or destination, then use the search field or a recent search result to find and select a different location.
Create a multistop driving route
You can add up to 14 stops along your route.
Go to the Maps app on your iPhone.
Get driving directions, then do one of the following:
Tap Add Stop, then search for the place you want to stop.
Zoom in and move the map, tap a place (for example, a landmark or business), then tap Add Stop in the place card.
To reorder the stops, touch and hold for the stop, then drag it to a new position in the list.
If you didn’t tap Go yet, your selected stop appears as the final destination in your directions.
Add a stop while following driving or cycling directions
Go to the Maps app on your iPhone.
Get driving or cycling directions, then tap the route card at the bottom of the screen.
Tap Add Stop, then tap a category (or, if driving, search for the place you want to stop).
Select a place to stop, then tap Add or Add Stop.
Your route is updated, and the chosen destination is the next stop.
If you’re cycling and you decide not to take the detour, tap Resume Route at the top of the screen.
If you didn’t tap Go yet, your selected stop appears as the final destination in your directions. Touch and hold for the stop, then drag it ahead of your final destination.
Delete a stop from your driving directions
Go to the Maps app on your iPhone.
Create a multistop driving route .
Do one of the following:
Before you tap Go: Swipe left on any stops you want to delete, then tap Delete.
After you tap Go: Tap the route card at the bottom of the screen, then tap next to the stop.
End directions before you arrive
Siri: Say something like: “Stop navigating.” Learn how to use Siri .
Or without using Siri:
Go to the Maps app on your iPhone.
Tap the card at the bottom of the screen, then tap End Route.
Note: Directions for multiple stops are available in select countries and regions.