iPhone User Guide
Change your Mail settings on iPhone
You can adjust your preferences for the Mail app in Settings. Customize your email signature, mark addresses outside specific domains, and more.
Customize your Mail settings
Go to Settings > Apps > Mail.
Adjust any of the following settings:
Accounts: Add or remove email accounts .
Siri: Allow Siri to make suggestions across apps based on the way you use Mail.
Search: Allow suggestions and content from Mail to appear in Search and widgets .
Notifications: Allow notifications , choose the alert style and Lock Screen appearance, and customize notifications by account.
Default Mail App: Choose the email app for new emails you draft outside of a specific app, such as emails you create using Siri.
Message List: Change settings for your message list, such as showing To/Cc labels, choosing the length of email previews, and customizing swipe options.
Messages: Turn on Privacy Protection , Ask Before Deleting, and Follow Up Suggestions.
Threading: Turn on Organize by Thread to group emails in a conversation together in your message list. Adjust other settings for how threads appear and muting threads.
Composing: Customize settings for writing emails such as including attachments with replies, showing link previews, and more.
Undo Send Delay: Set a time period of up to 30 seconds to allow yourself to unsend a message .
Customize your email signature
You can customize the email signature that appears automatically at the bottom of every message you send.
Go to Settings > Apps > Mail.
Tap Signature (below Composing).
Tap the text field, then edit your signature.
You can only use text in your Mail signatures.
Tip: If you have more than one email account, tap Per Account to set a different signature for each account.
Mark addresses outside certain domains
When you’re addressing an email message to a recipient who’s not in your organization’s domain, you can have the recipient’s name appear in red to alert you.
Go to Settings > Apps > Mail.
Tap Mark Addresses (below Composing).
Enter the domains that are in your organization—ones that you don’t want marked in red.
You can enter multiple domains separated by commas (for example, “apple.com, example.org”).
The names of recipients in domains outside your organization appear in red, whether you send them an email or receive one from them.