iPhone User Guide
Set timers in Clock on iPhone
You can set timers to count down from specified times.
Siri: Say something like: “Set the timer for 3 minutes” or “Stop the timer.” Learn how to use Siri .
Set a custom timer
Go to the Clock app on your iPhone.
Tap Timers, then set a duration of time.
Choose any of the following options:
Label: Give the timer a name, like “Egg timer.”
When Timer Ends: Choose a sound to play when the timer ends.
Tap Start.
Note: The timer continues even if you open another app or if iPhone goes to sleep.
When you set a custom timer, it appears below Recent—so you can start the same timer whenever you want.
Set a timer to stop playing audio or video
If you want to stop playing audio or video after a specific amount of time, you can set the timer to stop the playback—for example, when you fall asleep while listening to the radio.
Go to the Clock app on your iPhone.
Set a custom timer , as above.
Tap When Timer Ends, then tap Stop Playing at the bottom of the list of sounds.
Tap Start.
Set multiple timers
After you start a custom timer, you can add more timers to keep track of different tasks at the same time.
Go to the Clock app on your iPhone.
Tap Timers, then start a timer.
Tap at the top right, then do one of the following:
Add a custom timer: Set a duration of time, add a label or sound, then tap Start at the top right.
Add a recent timer: Tap next to a timer you’ve recently set.
Tap the timer to edit the label and sound.
Stop, pause, or remove a timer
When a timer ends, you get a notification at the top of your screen, no matter which app you’re using. Tap to clear the notification, or tap if you want the timer to run again.
You can also turn off a timer before it ends.
Go to the Clock app on your iPhone.
Tap Timers, then do any of the following:
Pause a timer: Tap next to the timer to stop it momentarily. Tap to continue counting down.
Remove a timer: Swipe left, then tap Delete.
Remove several timers: Tap Edit, tap .
From your Lock Screen, you can swipe left on a timer, then tap Clear.