iPhone User Guide
Send invitations in Calendar on iPhone
In the Calendar app, you can send meeting and event invitations. iCloud, Microsoft Exchange, and some CalDAV servers also let you send meeting invitations. (Not all calendar servers support every feature.)
Before you begin
Before you can invite people to events you’ve scheduled, you need to make sure your calendar accounts are turned on.
Go to Settings > Apps > Calendar.
Tap Calendar Accounts, select an account, then check to see if Calendar is turned on.
For more information about how to add calendars, see Set up multiple calendars .
Invite others to an event
You can invite people to an event you’ve scheduled.
Go to the Calendar app on your iPhone.
Tap the event, then tap Edit near the top of the screen.
Tap Invitees.
Do any of the following:
Add a name from your contacts: Enter a contact’s name, tap the name, then tap Done.
You can also tap to select contacts.
Add an email address: Enter an email address, tap Return, then tap Done.
Note: In order to send a calendar invitation to a contact, the contact must have an email address. See Add and use contact information .
To make an invitation optional, tap Invitees, swipe left on the name or email address of the person you’ve invited, then tap Make Optional.
When you’re finished, tap Done.
If you don’t want to be notified when someone declines a meeting, go to Settings > Apps > Calendar, then turn off Show Invitee Declines.
Note: With Microsoft Exchange and some other exchange servers, you can invite people to an event even if you’re not the one who scheduled it.
Schedule an event without blocking your schedule
You can add an event to your calendar without having the timeframe appear as busy to others who send you invitations.
Go to the Calendar app on your iPhone.
Tap the event, then tap Edit.
Tap Show As, then tap Free.
Quickly email attendees
You can email all attendees of an event—for example, to share event details.
Go to the Calendar app on your iPhone.
Tap an event that has attendees.
Tap Invitees, then tap .