iPhone User Guide
Track your medications in Health on iPhone
You can track and manage the medications, vitamins, and supplements you take.
Siri: On supported models , say something like: “Log my 6AM medications as taken.” Not available in all languages or regions. Learn how to use Siri .
Note: Some features are not available in all countries or regions. The Medications feature is not a substitute for professional medical judgment. Additional information is available on the labels of your medications. Consult your healthcare provider prior to making any decisions related to your health.
Add and schedule a new medication
Go to the Health app on your iPhone.
Tap Browse at the bottom right, then tap Medications.
Tap Add a Medication (to start your list) or Add Medication (to add to your list).
To identify the medication, do one of the following:
Type the name: Tap the text field, enter the name, then tap Add.
In the U.S. only, suggestions appear as you begin typing. You can select a suggestion, or finish typing the name, then tap Add.
Use the camera: (U.S. only; on supported models ) Tap next to the text field, then follow the onscreen instructions.
If a match isn’t found, tap Search by Name, then type the name (as described above).
Do the following:
Choose the medication type: Tap an option, then tap Next.
Choose the medication strength: Tap an option, then tap Next.
Set a schedule: Follow the onscreen instructions to set the frequency and duration of your scheduled medication, then tap Next.
Tap Change under “When will you take this?” to choose a different schedule type, like On a Cyclical Schedule, or  Every Few Days.
Choose the shape (optional): Tap an option, then tap Next.
Choose the colors (optional): Tap an option, then tap Next.
When you’re finished, tap Done.
Turn on Follow Up Reminders and Critical Alerts
If you set a medication schedule, you receive notifications from the Health app reminding you to log the medication. You can receive follow-up reminders if a medication hasn’t been logged 30 minutes after the scheduled time.
Go to the Health app on your iPhone.
Tap Browse at the bottom right, then tap Medications.
Tap Options at the bottom of the screen, then turn on Follow Up Reminders.
When you turn on Follow Up Reminders, you can also turn on Critical Alerts for each of your medications. Critical Alerts appear on the Lock Screen and play a sound (even if a Focus is on or iPhone is muted).
Tap Critical Alerts, tap the button next to a medication, then tap Allow.
To turn off Critical Alerts, go to Settings > Apps > Health > Notifications, then tap the button next to Critical Alerts.
Change the schedule for a medication or update other information
Go to the Health app on your iPhone.
Tap Browse at the bottom right, then tap Medications.
Scroll down to Your Medications, then do any of the following:
Change the schedule for a medication: Tap a medication, scroll down to Schedule, tap Edit, then tap a field to change it.
Change the icon, nickname, or notes for a medication: Tap a medication, scroll down to Details, tap Edit to change the icon or tap either of the text fields, then make your changes.
Reorder your list: Tap Edit above the list of your medications, touch and hold for a medication, then drag it to a new position.
Archive a medication: Swipe left on its name in the list of your medications, then tap Archive.
Make an archived medication reappear in your list of medications: Tap Edit above the list of your medications, then tap next to the medication name. Any schedule you previously set is not preserved.
Delete a medication: Tap a medication, scroll down, then tap Delete Medication.
Change how you receive notifications about taking medications: See View and respond to notifications and Change notification settings .
When you’re finished, tap Done.
Log when you take a medication
You can log a medication, scheduled or unscheduled, at any time. By default, your iPhone will remind you when it’s time to log your medications based on the schedule you’ve created in the Health app.
Note: For your Health app data to sync across devices, make sure they’re signed in to the same Apple Account, are connected to the internet, and are updated to the latest OS version.
Go to the Health app on your iPhone.
Tap Browse at the bottom right, then tap Medications.
Select a day at the top of the screen.
Do one of the following:
Log whether you took a scheduled medication: Tap the name of a medication in the list below Log, then below the medication, tap Taken or Skipped.
Log an unscheduled medication: Tap As Needed Medications in the list below Log, then below the medication, tap Taken.
When you’re finished, tap Done.
Tip: When you receive a notification to log a scheduled medication, press and hold the notification, then choose an option.
To review your history of taking the medication, tap Browse at the bottom right, tap Medications, then tap the medication (in the list of your medications).
Share your medication list
Go to the Health app on your iPhone.
Do one of the following:
Share your list (or just specific medications) with a loved one: See Share your data in Health .
Tip: If you add a new medication after you start sharing, add it to your shared list.
Share your list as a PDF: Tap Browse at the bottom right, tap Medications, scroll down, tap Export PDF, tap , then choose an option.