iPhone User Guide
Use Switch Control on iPhone to select items, perform actions, and more
After you set up and turn on Switch Control , you can select items on the screen by doing any of the following:
Item mode: The cursor sequentially highlights items or groups of items. This is the default method when you first turn on Switch Control and whenever the Scanner menu appears.
Gliding cursor: You select a point on the screen using scanning crosshairs. This method is useful when you need to select a specific point, such as in Maps, or on a screen with many items.
Head tracking: You can move your head (detected by the front-facing camera) to control the cursor on the screen. This method is useful when you need to select a specific point, such as in Maps, or on a screen with many items.
When the cursor is on the item you want, the Scanner menu opens to show the available actions such as tap, scroll, control the volume, and more.
Use item mode to select items and perform actions
Depending on the scanning style you’re using, do one of the following:
If using Auto Scanning: Watch or listen as groups of items are sequentially highlighted.
If using Manual Scanning: Activate your Move to Next Item switch to navigate through the groups of items on the screen.
If using Single Switch Step Scanning: Activate your Move to Next Item switch to navigate through the groups of items on the screen.
When the group you want is highlighted, do one of the following:
If using Auto Scanning: Activate your Select Item switch.
If using Manual Scanning: Activate your Select Item switch.
If using Single Switch Step Scanning: Wait until the current group is automatically selected.
Repeat steps 1 and 2 to scan and select an item within the group.
Repeat steps 1 and 2 to scan and choose an action in the Scanner menu. The dots at the bottom of the menu provide more options.
To dismiss the Scanner menu without choosing an action, activate your Select Item switch when the original item is highlighted and all the icons in the menu are dimmed.
Use the gliding cursor to select a point
By default, Switch Control starts in item mode. To use the gliding cursor instead, do the following:
Use item mode to select any item, then choose Gliding Cursor (in the Scanner menu).
To position the vertical crosshair, activate your Select Item switch when the wide vertical band is over the item you want.
Activate your Select Item switch again when the fine vertical line is over the item.
To position the horizontal crosshair, activate your Select Item switch when the wide horizontal band is over the item you want.
Activate your Select Item switch again when the fine horizontal line is over the item.
In the Scanner menu, select the action you want, then activate your Select Item switch.
To return to item mode, open the Scanner menu, then choose Item Mode.
Set up head tracking
You can move your head to control a cursor on the screen. You can also assign actions to facial expressions, such as a smile or raised eyebrows.
To set up head tracking, do the following:
Go to Settings > Accessibility > Switch Control > Switches, then make sure you’ve set up switches .
Go to Settings > Accessibility > Switch Control > Head Tracking, turn on Head Tracking, then set any of these options:
Assign actions to facial expressions: Each expression can perform a different action and require a different degree of expressiveness.
Choose how the pointer tracks your head movement: Tap Tracking Mode, then choose With Face, When Facing Screen Edges, or Relative to Head.
Adjust the pointer speed: Tap or .
Use head tracking
To use head tracking, do the following:
Use item mode to select any item, then choose Head Tracking (in the Scanner menu).
Move your head to position the cursor on the location you want, then activate it using your Select Item switch or facial expression.
In the Scanner menu, select the action you want, then activate your Select Item switch or facial expression.
To return to item mode, open the Scanner menu, then choose Item Mode.