iPhone User Guide
Add links in Notes on iPhone
In the Notes app, you can add links to webpages. You can also link to related notes, like a trip itinerary and a list of recommended restaurants. When you add street and email addresses, phone numbers, and dates, they automatically become underlined text that you can tap to take action on.
Link to a webpage
Go to the Notes app on your iPhone.
In the note where you want to insert a link, do either of the following:
Select the text, then tap Add Link. The selected text becomes the text link. Enter the URL to specify the link destination.
Tap to place the insertion point, tap Add Link, then enter the URL and the name (optional).
Link to another note using the title
You can create a link to another note using the title of the target note. If the title of the target note changes, the link text updates to the new title.
Go to the Notes app on your iPhone.
In the note where you want to add a link, type “>>”, then enter the title of the target note.
Choose an existing note or create a new note.
To edit or remove the link, touch and hold the link, then choose an action.
Link to another note using custom link text
Instead of using the title of the target note, you can use custom link text. If the title of the target note changes, the link text doesn’t change.
Go to the Notes app on your iPhone.
In the note where you want to add a link, select the link text, then tap Add Link.
Enter the title of the target note, then choose a note.
Take action on addresses, phone numbers, dates, and more
In your notes, an underline appears below text that’s recognized as a street or email address, phone number, date, or other data. Tap the underlined text to take action on it. For example, you can see a street address in Maps, compose an email, call a phone number, add a calendar event, or convert units and currency.
Note: Data detection is available when the system language of your iPhone is set to a supported language in Settings > General > Language & Region > iPhone Language. See the iOS and iPadOS Feature Availability website .