iPhone User Guide
Solve Quartiles puzzles in News on iPhone
Apple News+ subscribers can solve Quartiles puzzles. Players select tiles containing two to four letters from a four-by-five grid to form words. You can use up to four tiles per word, and the more tiles you use, the more points you score.
A word formed from four tiles is called a Quartile and is worth 8 points. When you find all five Quartiles, you receive an additional 40 points.
The object of the game is to earn the 100 points necessary to reach the Expert rank. You can continue forming words and accumulating points even after you’ve reached Expert.
Note: Apple News, Apple News+, and puzzles aren’t available in all countries or regions. See the iOS and iPadOS Feature Availability website .
Play Quartiles
Go to the News app on your iPhone.
Open a Quartiles puzzle.
Tap tiles to create a word, then tap to enter it.
For example, to score a single point, tap “pear,” then tap . To score 2 points, tap “ap,” then “pear” to form the word, “appear.” Go for 4 points by tapping “ap,” “pear,” then “ance.” Complete the Quartile and score 8 points by spelling “disappearance.”
Completed words appear in the Words Found box, and any Quartiles you find appear in groups of four tiles.
Not all possible words qualify in Quartiles puzzles. For example, obscure and technical terms, proper nouns, and profanity never appear in the word list.
Do any of the following:
Reorder your tiles: After you tap the tiles to place them above the grid, you can touch and hold, then drag to reorder them.
See points needed to move to the next rank: Tap Next Rank.
Clear tiles you don’t want to use: Tap .
See how many words remain: When you reach the Expert rank, the Words Found box shows how many words you haven’t found.
See each word’s points: Tap in the Words Found box.
Tip: Tap , then tap How to Play to take a quick Quartiles tutorial, or tap More Puzzles to open the Quartiles puzzle feed.
Shuffle or group tiles
Go to the News app on your iPhone.
Open a Quartiles puzzle and start finding words.
Quartiles you find are anchored to the bottom of the grid. If you’d rather anchor them to the top of the grid, tap , then choose Sort Found Quartiles.
Tap to shuffle tiles that aren’t part of found Quartiles.
To shuffle all tiles in the grid, tap to turn off anchoring, then tap .
Reveal all words
Go to the News app on your iPhone.
Open a Quartiles puzzle.
Tap , then tap Reveal All Words. The words you didn’t find are shown.
If you reveal before you reach Expert rank: The puzzle doesn’t count in your Scoreboard stats and streaks.
If you reveal after you reach Expert rank: Your stats or streaks aren’t affected.
Share a puzzle
Go to the News app on your iPhone.
Open a Quartiles puzzle.
Tap , then choose a sharing method to share a Quartiles puzzle with another Apple News+ subscriber.
Your rank appears in the email or message you send. Anyone who opens the puzzle can’t see your answers.