iPhone User Guide
Use Dual SIM on iPhone
Here are some of the many ways you can use Dual SIM:
Use one number for business and another number for personal calls.
Add a local data plan when you travel to another country or region.
Have separate voice and data plans.
Note: To use two different carriers, your iPhone must be unlocked. See the Apple Support article How to unlock your iPhone for use with a different carrier .
You can set up Dual SIM with the following:
One physical SIM and one eSIM; supported on iPhone SE (2nd generation), iPhone X R , iPhone X S , iPhone 11, iPhone 12, iPhone 13, and iPhone 14, and later
Two eSIMs; supported on iPhone SE (3rd generation), iPhone 13, and later
Note: Physical SIM isn’t supported on iPhone 14 and later models purchased in the U.S. eSIM isn’t available in all countries or regions.
Set up Dual SIM
Go to Settings > Cellular, then make sure you have at least two lines (below SIMs). To add a line, see Set up cellular service .
Turn on two lines—tap a line, then tap Turn On this Line.
You can also change settings such as Cellular Plan Label, Wi-Fi Calling (if available from your carrier), Calls on Other Devices, or SIM PIN. The label appears in Phone, Messages, and Contacts.
Choose the default line for cellular data—tap Cellular Data, then tap a line. To use either line depending on coverage and availability, turn on Allow Cellular Data Switching.
You may incur roaming charges if Data Roaming is on and you’re outside the country or region covered by the carrier’s network.
Choose the default line for voice calls—tap Default Voice Line, then tap a line.
When using Dual SIM, note the following:
Wi-Fi Calling must be turned on for a line to enable that line to receive calls while the other line is in use for a call. If you receive a call on one line while the other is in use for a call, and no Wi-Fi connection is available, iPhone uses the cellular data of the line that is in use for the call to receive the other line’s call. Charges may apply. The line that is in use for the call must be permitted for data use in your Cellular Data settings (either as the default line, or as the non-default line with Allow Cellular Data Switching turned on) to receive the other line’s call.
If you don’t turn on Wi-Fi Calling for a line, any incoming phone calls on that line (including calls from emergency services) go directly to voicemail (if available from your carrier) when the other line is in use; you won’t receive missed call notifications.
If you set up conditional call forwarding (if available from your carrier) from one line to another when a line is busy or not in service, the calls don’t go to voicemail; contact your carrier for setup information.
If you make a phone call from another device, such as your Mac, by relaying it through your iPhone with Dual SIM, the call is made using your default voice line.
If you start an SMS/MMS Messages conversation using one line, you can’t switch the conversation to your other line; you need to delete the conversation and start a new conversation using the other line. Also, you may incur additional charges if you send SMS/MMS attachments on the line that’s not selected for cellular data.
Instant Hotspot and Personal Hotspot use the line selected for cellular data.