iPhone User Guide
Notify a friend when your location changes in Find My on iPhone
Use the Find My app to let a friend know when your location changes.
You can also get a notification when your friend’s location changes. See Get notified when a friend’s location changes in Find My on iPhone .
Note: Location sharing and finding people aren’t available in all countries or regions.
Notify a friend when your location changes
Go to the Find My app on your iPhone.
Tap People at the bottom of the screen, then tap the name of the person you want to notify.
Below Notifications, tap Add, then tap Notify [ your friend’s name ].
Choose whether you want to notify your friend when you arrive at or leave a location.
Choose a location, or tap New Location to create a new location and set a location radius.
With a larger radius, your friend is notified when you’re near the location instead of right at the location.
Choose whether you want your friend to be notified only once or every time.
Tap Add.
You can stop notifying friends when your location changes at any time. See Change or turn off a notification you set .
See all notifications about you
Go to the Find My app on your iPhone.
Tap Me at the bottom of the screen.
Below Notifications About You, you see a list of people who are notified when your location changes.
If you don’t see the Notifications About You section, you aren’t notifying any friends when your location changes.
Select a name to see more details.
Turn off notifications about you
You can turn off any location notification about you. This includes notifications you set and notifications your friends create.
Go to the Find My app on your iPhone.
Tap Me at the bottom of the screen.
Below Notifications About You, you see a list of people who are notified when your location changes.
If you don’t see the Notifications About You section, you aren’t notifying any friends when your location changes.
Select a name, then tap a notification.
Tap Delete Notification, then tap Delete Notification again.