iPhone User Guide
Use Game Center to play with friends on iPhone
With Game Center, you can send friend requests, manage your user profile, earn achievements, compete on leaderboards, and play with friends during a FaceTime call. You can use Game Center to access supported games across all your Apple devices.
Set up your Game Center profile
Go to Settings > Game Center, then sign in to your Apple Account .
To choose a nickname that your friends will see when you play games together, tap Nickname, then enter a name or choose one of the suggestions.
To personalize your avatar, tap Edit Avatar, then create a new Memoji, use an existing Memoji, or customize how your initials appear.
To view your Game Center profile, achievements, recent games, friends, and their activity, go to Settings > Game Center > [ your profile ].
Add friends
Go to Settings > Game Center.
Tap Invite Friends, then choose a suggested contact or find a contact by entering their name.
Recipients can respond to friend requests in any of the following ways:
In Messages, tap the link.
Go to Settings > Game Center > Friend Requests.
You can also add a friend in the Contacts app. Open their contact card, then tap Add Friend on Game Center.
Get friend suggestions and see what they’re playing
In the App Store, you can invite your contacts to connect on Game Center and see your friends’ recent activity.
Go to the App Store app on your iPhone.
Tap Games or Arcade (if you subscribe to Apple Arcade ).
Scroll down to Game Center to see Friends are Playing, Recent Activity, or Friend Suggestions.
You can also see your friends’ profiles and recent activity by going to Settings > Game Center > All Friends.
Play games with friends using SharePlay
You can find and download a Game Center multiplayer game in the App Store and play with friends while on a FaceTime call.
During the call, open a supported multiplayer game, tap Start SharePlay, then follow the onscreen instructions.
See Use SharePlay to watch, listen, and play together .
Use AirDrop to invite people to a multiplayer game
You can use AirDrop to invite nearby friends to multiplayer games that support Game Center.
Open the game you want to play on your iPhone.
Navigate to the screen where you invite friends.
Hold the display of your iPhone a few centimeters from the top of the other person’s iPhone or Apple Watch.
A glow emerges from both devices to indicate a connection is being made.
Continue holding your devices near each other until the game appears on the other person’s screen.
Report a user or remove a friend
You can report a user for cheating, an inappropriate picture or nickname, or another problem. You can also remove someone from your Friends list.
Go to Settings > Game Center > All Friends.
Tap the friend you want to report or remove, tap , then choose Report User or Remove Friend.
Manage Game Center settings and restrictions
You can view friends, accept or decline requests, manage privacy settings, and set restrictions.
Go to Settings > Game Center, then do any of the following:
View friends: Tap All Friends.
Accept or decline friend requests: Tap Friend Requests.
Allow or disallow apps to access your list of Game Center friends: Tap Share Friends List.
Allow Game Center friends to find you with the email and phone number associated with your Apple Account: Turn on Help Friends Find You.
Manage activity sharing: Choose Everyone, Friends Only, or Only You to specify who can see your profile, achievement progress, leaderboard updates, and recently played games.
Allow invitations from nearby players: Turn on Nearby Players to allow nearby Game Center players in the same game to invite your to a multiplayer game over Wi-Fi or Bluetooth.
Go to Settings > Screen Time > Content & Privacy Restrictions, then turn on Content & Privacy Restrictions.
Tap App Store, Media, Web & Games, scroll down to Game Center, then set any of the following restrictions:
Multiplayer Games
Adding Friends
Connect with Friends
Screen Recording
Nearby Multiplayer
Private Messaging
Profile Privacy Changes
Avatar & Nickname Changes