iPhone User Guide
Check the weather in other locations on iPhone
Check the weather for any location around the world and quickly access forecasts for locations you save to your list.
Check the weather in another location
Go to the Weather app on your iPhone.
Tap in the bottom-right corner of the screen.
Tap the search field at the top of the screen, then enter the name of the city, neighborhood, or location.
Tip: To see your Home and Work locations in search results, go to Settings > Apps > Weather, then turn on Home and Work. Also make sure to turn on Location Services for Weather.
Tap the location in the search results to display the forecast.
Tap Cancel to close the forecast, then tap Cancel to clear the search results and return to the list.
Note: Neighborhood search results aren’t available in all locations.
Add a location to your list
You can add locations to the list to quickly check the weather in places important to you.
Go to the Weather app on your iPhone.
Do one of the following:
While looking at the location list: Tap the search field at the top of the list, enter the name of a city, neighborhood, or location that you want to add to your list, tap the location in the search results, then tap Add.
While looking at one location’s forecast: Tap in the bottom-left corner of the screen, change the location of the weather map , touch and hold where you want to add a location, then tap .
To check the weather in locations you added to your list, swipe the iPhone screen left or right when viewing a location, or tap , then tap a location.
Delete and rearrange locations in your list
Go to the Weather app on your iPhone.
Tap to display your list.
Do either of the following:
Delete a location: Swipe left on the location, then tap . Or, tap , then tap Edit List.
Rearrange the order of locations on your list: Touch and hold the location, then move it up or down. Or, tap , then tap Edit List.
Your list of locations stays up to date across your devices when you’re signed in to the same Apple Account .