iPhone User Guide
Organize your notes in folders on iPhone
In the Notes app, you can organize your notes into folders and pin the important notes to the top of the notes list.
Create, rename, move, or delete folders
Go to the Notes app on your iPhone.
In the folders list, do any of the following:
Create a folder: Tap , choose an account (if you have more than one), tap New Folder, then enter a name.
Create a subfolder: Touch and hold a folder, then drag it onto another folder.
Rename a folder: Touch and hold a folder, tap Rename, then enter a new name.
Move a folder: Touch and hold the folder, then drag it to a new location. The folder becomes a subfolder if you drag it onto another folder.
Delete a folder: Swipe left on the folder, then tap . Or touch and hold the folder, then tap Delete.
If you change your mind, open the Recently Deleted folder to recover the notes.
Pin notes
To pin an important note to the top of the notes list, do the following:
Go to the Notes app on your iPhone.
In the notes list, touch and hold the note, then tap Pin Note. Or swipe right on the note, then tap the pin.
Sort and change the folder view
Go to the Notes app on your iPhone.
In the notes list, tap , then do any of the following:
Change the folder view: Choose View as Gallery or View as List.
Sort the notes by title: Tap Sort By, then choose Title.
Sort the notes by date: Tap Sort By, then choose Date Edited or Date Created.
By default, the notes are grouped by date. To turn this off, tap , then tap Group By Date.
Reverse the sort order: Tap Sort By, then choose Oldest First (when sorting by date) or Descending (when sorting by title).
To choose a default sorting method for all your folders, go to Settings > Apps > Notes, then tap Sort Notes By.
Move a note to another folder
Go to the Notes app on your iPhone.
In the notes list, swipe left on the note, then tap . Or touch and hold the note, tap Move, then choose a folder.
Delete a note
Go to the Notes app on your iPhone.
In the notes list, swipe left on the note, then tap . Or touch and hold the note, then tap Delete.
If you change your mind, open the Recently Deleted folder to recover the note.