iPhone User Guide
Play Spatial Audio in Dolby Atmos in Music on iPhone
Apple Music subscribers can play available tracks in Dolby Atmos, which creates an immersive, three-dimensional audio experience on stereo headphones and speakers or receivers compatible with Dolby Atmos.
Albums available in Dolby Atmos have the Dolby Atmos icon . If a track is playing in Dolby Atmos, the icon also appears on the Now Playing screen.
Note: Apple Music and Dolby Atmos aren’t available in all countries or regions. See the Apple Support article Availability of Apple Media Services .
Turn on Dolby Atmos
Go to Settings > Apps > Music.
Tap Dolby Atmos, then choose Automatic or Always On.
Automatic: Plays Dolby Atmos whenever iPhone is connected to compatible headphones such as AirPods 3, AirPods Pro, or AirPods Max, or to speakers or receivers compatible with Dolby Atmos.
Always On: Plays Dolby Atmos on any headphones or speakers. The Music app will attempt to play Dolby Atmos tracks on any headphones or speakers connected to iPhone.
Dolby Atmos will play on any headphones, but not all speakers will play Dolby Atmos as intended.
Control Spatial Audio and head tracking on iPhone
When you play supported music on your iPhone with AirPods 3, AirPods Pro, or AirPods Max, you can use Spatial Audio and head tracking to create an immersive, theater-like environment with sound that surrounds you. Follow these steps to control Spatial Audio and head tracking in Control Center.
Wear your AirPods, then open Control Center .
Touch and hold the volume control, then tap Spatial Audio at the lower right.
Tap one of the following:
Off: Turns off both Spatial Audio and head tracking.
Fixed: Turns on Spatial Audio without head tracking.
Head Tracked: Turns on both Spatial Audio and head tracking. This setting allows the sound to follow the movement of your head.
The settings you choose are saved and applied automatically the next time you use that app. For example, if you tap Fixed while listening to a song in Apple Music, the Fixed setting is automatically used the next time you play a song in Apple Music.
Note: To disable head tracking for all apps on your iPhone, go to Settings > Accessibility > AirPods, tap your AirPods, then turn off Follow iPhone.
Download songs in Dolby Atmos
Go to Settings > Apps > Music.
Turn on Download in Dolby Atmos.
For more information, see the Apple Support article About Spatial Audio with Dolby Atmos in Apple Music .