iPhone User Guide
Use Voice Control commands to interact with CarPlay
With Voice Control, you can use your voice to navigate CarPlay and apps, and interact with what’s on the CarPlay touchscreen.
Note: Voice Control is available only in supported languages . CarPlay is available only in supported countries and regions .
Turn Voice Control on or off
In CarPlay, go to Settings > Accessibility.
Turn Voice Control on or off.
When you turn on Voice Control, appears in the sidebar to indicate that Voice Control is listening for commands.
Start using commands
To use Voice Control in CarPlay, just say a command.
Voice Control: Say, for example, “Open Maps,” “Pan left,” or “Go back.”
When you say multiple commands in quick succession, pause about half a second between commands.
Pause or resume Voice Control
Pause Voice Control when you don’t want words you say to be interpreted as commands. Resume Voice Control when you’re ready for it to listen for commands again.
Voice Control: Say “Stop listening” or “Start listening.”
Commands for navigation and interaction
Command
Description
“Open [ app ]”
Open an app.
“Go Home”
Return to the Home Screen.
“Go back”
Return to the previous screen (in apps with a Back button).
“Tap [ item ]”
Tap an item on the touchscreen.
In some apps, if you’re not sure what to call an unlabeled item, you can refer to it based on its position relative to other items. For example, if you see a row of icons with no text labels, you can try saying “Tap first” or “Tap second” to tap the first or second icon in the row, respectively.
“Single tap”
Tap the touchscreen.
This can be useful in an app like Maps where some items are hidden after a period of inactivity. Tapping the screen causes hidden items to reappear.
“Double-tap”
Double-tap the touchscreen.
This can be used in an app like Maps to zoom in on the map.
“Double-tap [ item ]”
Double-tap an item on the touchscreen.
“Swipe left” or “Swipe right”
Swipe between pages in CarPlay Home or CarPlay Dashboard.
“Swipe up” or “Swipe down”
Navigate up or down in a list.
“Pan left,” “Pan right,” “Pan up,” or “Pan down”
In an app like Maps, move around the map.
“Open Siri”
Activate Siri (instead of pressing the voice command button on the steering wheel).
Use Voice Control in Maps
If you use Voice Control in the Maps app in CarPlay and don’t know what to call a button, you can use the button names in the table below.
If a button has a text label, use the text shown as the name of the button. For example, to tap a button labeled Go, just say “Tap Go.”
Button
Name
Zoom In
Zoom Out
Pan
Tracking
This button may appear as , , or , depending on the current setting.
Overview
or
Route Overview
Expand
or
Up
Collapse
or
Down
Close
or
Dismiss
Report
All Guidance
or
Speaker
Alerts Only
No Guidance
or
Mute
Siri
or
Dictation
Keyboard
To learn more about using the Maps app in CarPlay, see Get turn-by-turn directions with CarPlay , Change the map view , and Report traffic incidents .
Use Voice Control in Music
If you use Voice Control in the Music app in CarPlay and don’t know what to call a button, you can use the button names in the table below.
If a button has a text label, use the text shown as the name of the button. For example, to tap a button labeled Cancel, just say “Tap Cancel.”
Button
Name
Play
Pause
Fast Forward
Rewind
Shuffle
Repeat
Autoplay
Favorite
More
Go back
List