iPhone User Guide
Enter formulas and equations in Notes on iPhone
With math in the Notes app, you can draw diagrams, solve equations, assign variables, and plot graphs. Mathematical expressions are solved inline when you write or type an equal sign.
Note: The Notes app supports math written using Western Arabic numerals and common mathematical symbols, or typed using Arabic (Eastern & Western) and Devanagari numerals and common mathematical symbols.
Add mathematical expressions to a note
Go to the Notes app on your iPhone.
Open a note, or tap to start a new note.
Do any of the following:
Type a math expression, then include an equal sign.
Tap , write a math expression horizontally, then include an equal sign.
Tap , write a stack of numbers, then draw a horizontal line below the numbers to add the numbers in the stack. Write a different symbol to the left of each digit if you want a different operation.
Tap the equal sign to see what Notes understood in what you wrote. To correct mistakes, you can fix any of the following:
Unrecognized math and unsolvable expressions: Tap any dotted red lines to see details about the error.
Ambiguous characters: Tap any dotted blue lines to clarify what you wrote.
Create a graph
Go to the Notes app on your iPhone.
Open a note, or tap to start a new note.
Type or write an equation with x and y variables, with the y variable on the left side of the equation. For example, y = 5x + 3.
You can also tap the equal sign in an equation you already wrote.
When you finish the equation, a menu appears. Tap Insert Graph.
The y variable is represented on the vertical axis, and the x variable is represented on the horizontal axis.
To add another equation to the same graph, type or write a new equation, then tap Add to Existing Graph.
See also Work with graphs in Math Notes in Calculator on iPhone .
Access Math Notes created in the Calculator app
Go to the Notes app on your iPhone.
In the Folders list, tap Math Notes.
See Solve math with Math Notes in Calculator .