iPhone User Guide
Accessibility features for hearing on iPhone
iPhone comes with built-in tools designed to help you hear better—or stay connected without hearing a sound.
To explore accessibility features for hearing, go to Settings > Accessibility, then scroll down to the Hearing section.
Use alternatives to sound
Get real-time captions of spoken audio
With Live Captions, get a transcription of the audio from any app and from live conversations around you.
Get live captions of spoken audio
Customize subtitles and captions
Change how subtitles look. Or instead of standard subtitles, use closed captions and SDH when available.
Display subtitles and captions
Blink the iPhone light for notifications
If you can’t hear your alerts, get notified visually.
Flash the iPhone indicator light for notifications
Get notified about sounds around you
With Sound Recognition, have iPhone listen for sounds—such as a doorbell or siren—and alert you when it recognizes them.
Recognize sounds
Feel the music
Experience music as taps, textures, and refined vibrations that are synchronized with a song’s audio.
Play music as vibrations and other haptics
Type to Siri
Type your Siri requests instead of speaking them.
Change Siri accessibility settings
Make Real-Time Text (RTT) calls
Type to communicate on a phone call. The person you’re talking to sees your message as you type it.
Set up and use RTT and TTY
You can also get transcriptions of audio messages , HomePod intercom messages , and podcasts .
Use hearing devices and make audio adjustments
Hearing devices
Pair Made for iPhone (MFi) hearing aids or sound processors with iPhone and adjust their settings.
Use hearing devices
Live Listen
Stream sound from the iPhone microphone to your MFi hearing devices or AirPods.
Use iPhone as a remote microphone with Live Listen
Audio balance
Play stereo audio as mono, adjust left-right stereo balance, and more.
Adjust audio settings
AirPods
Set accessibility options for AirPods and other Apple headphones paired with your iPhone.
Adjust the accessibility settings for AirPods
Background sounds
Have your iPhone play ambient sounds—such as ocean waves or rain—to help you focus or rest.
Play background sounds
You can also have Siri announce notifications and calls on your MFi hearing devices.
Tip: Control your go-to accessibility features and settings with the click of a button or from Control Center. See Quickly open features with Accessibility Shortcut .