iPhone User Guide
Have a group conversation in Messages on iPhone
You can send a group text message, name it, and assign it an image to find it more easily. In a group conversation, you can call people’s attention to specific messages and even collaborate on projects .
Send a new message to a group
You can send a message to multiple people to start a group conversation.
Go to the Messages app on your iPhone.
Tap at the top of the screen to start a new conversation.
Enter the phone number, contact name, or Apple Account of each recipient, or tap , then choose contacts.
Note: If one or more of your recipients isn’t using iMessage , messages appear in green bubbles instead of blue ones.
Tap the text field, type your message, then tap .
Add someone to an existing group conversation
If you have at least two other people in a group conversation, you can add additional contacts.
Go to the Messages app on your iPhone.
Tap the group conversation you want to add someone to.
Tap the group name at the top of the conversation, then tap the button that shows how many people are in the conversation.
Tap Add Contact, then enter the new recipient’s phone number, contact name, or Apple Account .
Or tap , then choose a contact from the list.
Note: If the group includes someone who hasn’t turned on iMessage , follow the onscreen instructions to start a new group.
If you only have one other person in the conversation, you need to start a new group conversation to add someone else.
To remove someone from a group conversation, swipe left on their name, then tap Remove.
Leave a group conversation
You can leave a group chat if there are at least three other participants in the conversation.
Go to the Messages app on your iPhone.
Tap the group conversation you want to leave.
Tap the group name at the top of the conversation.
Scroll down and tap Leave This Conversation or Delete and Block This Conversation. (Learn more about deleting and blocking conversations.)
Blocked conversations are moved to the Recently Deleted folder, where you can recover them.
If you want to stay in a group chat but stop receiving its notifications, mute the conversation instead.
Mention people in a group conversation
You can mention someone by name in a group conversation to call their attention to a specific message, and they’ll get a notification. Depending on their settings, the person you mention may be notified even if they have the conversation muted.
Go to the Messages app on your iPhone.
In a conversation, begin typing a contact’s name in the text field.
Tap the contact’s name when it appears.
You can also mention a contact in Messages by typing @ followed by the contact’s name.
To change how or when you get notifications when your name is mentioned in Messages, go to Settings > Apps > Messages, then turn on Notify Me.
Name a group conversation
You can name a group text message and choose an image to represent the conversation. Everyone who has turned on iMessage will see the new name and image.
Go to the Messages app on your iPhone.
Tap the name or number at the top of the conversation.
Tap Change Name and Photo, then choose an option.