iPhone User Guide
Access books on other Apple devices in the Books app on iPhone
You can access your books and audiobooks in the Books app on your other Apple devices such as your iPad, Mac, and Apple Vision Pro. You can also sync your reading position, highlights, notes, library collections, and more.
Access your books on your other devices
To keep your Books content and information updated across your other Apple devices, sign in to the same Apple Account on each device, then do any of the following:
Automatically download purchases made on other devices: Go to Settings > Apps > Books, then turn on Purchases from Other Devices.
Sync reading position, bookmarks, notes, and highlights: Go to Settings > [ your name ] > iCloud, tap See All next to Saved to iCloud, then turn on Books.
Sync Home, Library, and collections: Go to Settings > Apps > Books, then below Syncing, turn on Home and iCloud Drive.
Access your books on your Mac
To see your books, audiobooks, and PDFs on your Mac, do one of the following:
macOS Sequoia: Choose Apple menu > System Settings, click your name at the top of the sidebar, then click iCloud. Click iCloud Drive, click Apps Syncing to iCloud Drive, then turn on Books.
macOS 13–14.5: Choose Apple menu > System Settings, click your name at the top of the sidebar, then click iCloud. Click iCloud Drive, click Apps syncing to iCloud Drive, then select Books. Click Back, then click Done.
macOS 10.15–12.5: Choose Apple menu > System Preferences, then click Apple ID. Click iCloud in the sidebar, then select iCloud Drive. Click Options, then select Books.
macOS 10.14 or earlier: Choose Apple menu > System Preferences, then click iCloud. Select iCloud Drive, click Options, then select Books.
To see your collections, bookmarks, notes, and highlights on your Mac, open Books, then do one of the following:
macOS 13 or later: Choose Books > Settings, click General, then select “Collections, bookmarks, and highlights.”
macOS 12.5 or earlier: Choose Books > Preferences, click General, then select “Collections, bookmarks, and highlights.”