iPhone User Guide
Collaborate on a playlist in Music on iPhone
If you subscribe to Apple Music , you can share a playlist and collaborate on it with others. Everyone can add, remove, and reorder music and react with emoji to songs in the collaborative playlist .
Note: Apple Music isn’t available in all countries or regions. See the Apple Support article Availability of Apple Media Services .
Invite others to collaborate on a playlist
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Tap a playlist, then tap .
To approve people before they can join, turn on Approve Collaborators.
If you don’t turn on this option, anyone with the link can join the collaborative playlist.
Tap Start Collaborating, then choose a sharing method, such as AirDrop, Messages, or Mail, to send a link to the playlist.
The person who receives the link must tap Join Playlist to start collaborating.
If you’re the owner and you turn on Approve Collaborators, notifications appear in the top-right corner when a new person requests to join the collaborative playlist.
Add more people to collaborate on a playlist
If you’re the owner of a collaborative playlist, or the owner hasn’t turned on Approve Collaborators, you can share the link to the playlist with more people.
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Tap a collaborative playlist, tap , then do one of the following:
Add someone who is nearby: Tap QR Code. Others can join the playlist by using the camera on their iPhone to scan the code displayed on your iPhone.
Add someone else: Tap “generate a new link” (if necessary), tap Share Invite Link, then follow the steps to invite others to collaborate on a playlist .
Manage shared settings for a collaborative playlist
If you’re the owner, you can change access and permissions for individuals or for everyone after you’ve started collaborating on a playlist.
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Tap a collaborative playlist, tap , then do any of the following:
Invite others: See Add more people to collaborate on a playlist .
Note: If you didn’t turn on Approve Collaborators, anyone collaborating on the playlist can share the link to the collaborative playlist.
Approve people before they can join: Turn on Approve Collaborators.
Accept request: Tap to allow the person to join the collaborative playlist.
Decline request: Tap if you don’t want the person to join the collaborative playlist.
Stop collaborating on a playlist with one or more people
If you’re the owner, you can remove people from the playlist or stop collaborating on it altogether.
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Tap a collaborative playlist, tap , then do any of the following:
Remove one person: Swipe left on the person’s name, then tap Remove.
Stop collaborating on a playlist: Tap Stop.
Remove yourself from a collaborative playlist
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Tap a collaborative playlist, tap , then tap Leave.