iPhone User Guide
Change the camera’s video recording settings on iPhone
By default, iPhone records video at 30 frames per second (fps). Depending on your iPhone model, you can choose other frame rates and video resolution settings. Faster frame rates and higher resolutions result in larger video files.
You can also use quick toggles to easily change video resolution and frame rates right on the camera screen.
Use quick toggles to change video resolution and frame rate
In Video mode , use quick toggles at the top of the screen to change the video resolution and frame rates available on your iPhone.
Tap the quick toggles in the top-right corner to switch between HD or 4K recording and 24, 25, 30, or 60 fps in Video mode, depending on your model.
On iPhone 14 models, iPhone 15 models, and iPhone 16 models, quick toggles are available in Cinematic mode to switch between HD or 4K and 24, 25, or 30 fps.
Adjust Auto FPS settings
iPhone can improve the video quality in low-light situations by automatically reducing the frame rate to 24 fps.
Go to Settings > Camera > Record Video, then, depending on your model, do one of the following:
Tap Auto FPS, then apply Auto FPS to only 30-fps video or to both 30- and 60-fps video.
Turn on Auto Low Light FPS.
Turn stereo recording on and off
iPhone uses multiple microphones to achieve stereo sound.
To turn off stereo recording, go to Settings > Camera, then turn off Record Stereo Sound.
Turn HDR video off and on
On supported models , iPhone records video in HDR and shares HDR videos with devices using iOS 13.4, iPadOS 13.4, macOS 10.15.4, or later; other devices receive an SDR version of the same video.
To turn off HDR recording, go to Settings > Camera > Record Video, then turn off HDR Video.
Turn Lock Camera on and off
On supported models , the Lock Camera setting prevents switching between cameras while recording video. Lock Camera is off by default.
To turn on Lock Camera, go to Settings > Camera > Record Video, then turn on Lock Camera.
Turn Enhanced Stabilization off and on
On supported models , the Enhanced Stabilization setting zooms in slightly to provide improved stabilization while recording in Video mode and Cinematic mode. Enhanced Stabilization is on by default.
To turn off Enhanced Stabilization, go to Settings > Camera > Record Video, then turn off Enhanced Stabilization.
Turn Lock White Balance on and off
You can lock the white balance when recording videos on your iPhone to improve accurate color capture based on lighting conditions.
To turn on Lock White Balance, go to Settings > Camera > Record Video, then turn on Lock White Balance.
Adjust Slo-mo recording frame rate
Slo-mo is set to record at 1080 HD at 240 fps from the back camera and 1080 HD at 120 fps from the front camera. To change the back camera to 120 fps, go to Settings > Camera > Record Slo-mo.
Adjust Cinematic mode resolution and frame rate
Cinematic video is set to record at 1080 HD at 30 fps. To switch to 4K at 24 fps or 4K at 30 fps, go to Settings > Camera > Record Cinematic.
Turn on Action Mode Lower Light
If you want to use Action mode in lower light, go to Settings > Camera > Record Video, then turn on Action Mode Lower Light.