iPhone User Guide
Invite others to control accessories in your home on iPhone
In the Home app, you can invite other people to control all your smart accessories, or invite a guest to control some or all of your doors, locks, and security system accessories during specific times.
Note: Remote access and guest access require a home hub, such as a HomePod speaker or Apple TV 4K.
Invite residents to control accessories
Home Residents have local and optional remote access to all accessories in the home at any time.
Go to the Home app on your iPhone.
On the Home tab, tap , tap Add People, then tap Resident.
Tap to choose people with an Apple Account from your contacts list, or enter their Apple Account email addresses in the To field.
Tap Invite.
Ask the invitee to do one of the following:
In the notification: (iPhone or iPad) Tap Accept.
In the Home app: (iPhone or iPad) On the Home tab, tap , tap Home Settings, then tap the invitee’s name.
On Apple TV: Tap Show Me on Apple TV, then turn on one or more Apple TVs.
Invite guests to control accessories
Home Guests have local-only access to specific doors, locks, and security system accessories on a set schedule.
Note: Home Guests access requires iOS 18, iPadOS 18, or later.
Go to the Home app on your iPhone.
On the Home tab, tap , tap Add People, then tap Guest.
Tap to choose people with an Apple Account from your contacts list, or enter their Apple Account email addresses in the To field.
Select any of the following for the guest schedule:
Anytime: The guest can access the selected accessories anytime.
Specific Dates: The guest can only access the selected accessories on the dates specified.
Specific Days & Times: The guest can only access the selected accessories on the days and during the times specified.
Select which doors, locks, and security system accessories the guest can access.
Tap Invite.
Ask the invitee to do one of the following:
In the notification: (iPhone or iPad) Tap Accept.
In the Home app: (iPhone or iPad) Tap , tap Home Settings, then tap the invitee’s name.
Allow others to access your AirPlay-enabled speakers and TVs
Go to the Home app on your iPhone.
On the Home tab, tap , then tap Home Settings.
Tap Speaker & TV, then choose an option.
You can allow everyone, anyone on the same network, or only people you’ve invited to share the home. You can also require a password that allows speaker access. To learn more about HomePod speaker and Apple TV access, see the HomePod User Guide and the Apple TV User Guide .