iPhone User Guide
Subscribe to Apple Music on iPhone
Apple Music is an ad-free streaming music service that lets you play millions of songs and your music library. As a subscriber, you can listen any time—online or off—and create your own playlists, stream and download lossless and Dolby Atmos music, get personalized recommendations, follow artists, see music your friends are listening to, watch exclusive video content, and more.
You can subscribe to Apple Music or to Apple One, which includes Apple Music and other services. See the Apple Support article Bundle Apple subscriptions with Apple One .
Note: Apple Music, Apple One, lossless, and Dolby Atmos aren’t available in all countries or regions. See the Apple Support article Availability of Apple Media Services .
Subscribe to Apple Music
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Follow the onscreen instructions to subscribe to Apple Music.
If you don’t subscribe to Apple Music when you first open the Music app, you can subscribe later—go to Settings > Apps > Music, then tap Join Apple Music.
New subscribers can start a trial and cancel at any time. If you end your Apple Music subscription, you can no longer stream Apple Music songs or play Apple Music songs you downloaded.
Qualified students can purchase a student subscription at a discounted price. See the Apple Support article Get an Apple Music student subscription .
Share Apple Music with family members
When you subscribe to Apple Music, Apple One Family, or Apple One Premier, you can use Family Sharing to share Apple Music with up to five other family members. Once your family is set up , your family group doesn’t need to do anything—Apple Music is available to them the first time they open the Music app after your subscription begins.
If you join a family group that subscribes to Apple Music, Apple One Family, or Apple One Premier, and you already subscribe, your subscription isn’t renewed on your next billing date; instead, you use the group’s subscription. If you join a family group that doesn’t subscribe, the group uses your subscription.
Note: To stop sharing Apple Music with a family group, you can cancel the subscription, leave a Family Sharing group, or remove a member from a Family Sharing group .
Change or cancel your Apple Music subscription
Go to the Music app on your iPhone.
Tap or your profile picture.
Tap Manage Subscription, then follow the onscreen instructions.
If you’re not a subscriber, you can use Music to play music synced to iPhone from a Mac or a Windows device, play and download previous iTunes Store purchases, and play Apple Music radio for free.