iPhone User Guide
Edit or delete a recording in Voice Memos on iPhone
You can fine-tune your recordings using the editing tools. Remove parts, record over parts, or replace an entire recording. You can also delete a recording you no longer need.
Edit a voice recording
Go to the Voice Memos app (in the Utilities folder) on your iPhone.
In the list of recordings, tap the recording you want to edit, tap , then tap Edit Recording.
Tap at the top right, then drag the yellow trim handles to enclose the section you want to keep or delete.
You can pinch open to zoom in on the waveform for more precise editing.
To check your selection, tap .
To keep the selection (and delete the rest of the recording), tap Trim, or to delete the selection, tap Delete.
Tap Apply, then tap Done.
Tap Save Recording to overwrite the original recording, or tap Save as New Recording to save the edited version as a new recording (leaving the original as it was).
Replace a recording
Go to the Voice Memos app (in the Utilities folder) on your iPhone.
In the list of recordings, tap the recording you want to replace, tap , then tap Edit Recording.
Drag the waveform to position the playhead where you want to start recording new audio.
You can pinch open to zoom in on the waveform for more precise placement.
Tap Replace to begin recording (the waveform turns red as you record).
Tap to pause; tap Resume to continue.
To check your recording, tap .
Tap Done, then tap Save Recording to replace the original recording, or tap Save as New Recording to save the changes as a new recording (leaving the original as it was).
Delete a recording
Go to the Voice Memos app (in the Utilities folder) on your iPhone.
Do any of the following:
In the list of recordings, tap the recording you want to delete, then tap .
Tap Edit above the list of recordings, select one or more recordings, then tap .
Deleted recordings move to the Recently Deleted folder, where they’re kept for 30 days by default. To change how long deleted recordings are kept, go to Settings > Apps > Voice Memos > Clear Deleted, then select an option.
Recover or erase a deleted recording
Go to the Voice Memos app (in the Utilities folder) on your iPhone.
Tap the Recently Deleted folder, then tap the recording you want to recover or erase.
If you don’t see the Recently Deleted folder, tap at the top left.
Do any of the following:
Recover the selected recording: Tap Recover.
Delete the selected recording: Tap Delete.
Recover everything in the Recently Deleted folder: Tap Edit above the Recently Deleted list, then tap Recover All.
Delete everything in the Recently Deleted folder: Tap Edit above the Recently Deleted list, then tap Delete All.