iPhone User Guide
Type to speak using Live Speech on iPhone
If you’re unable to speak or have lost your speech over time, you can use Live Speech on iPhone to have what you type spoken out loud during in-person conversations and in apps like FaceTime. You can choose from dozens of system voices or use a personal voice you create .
Note: Live Speech is not available in all languages. See the iOS and iPadOS Feature Availability webpage.
Turn on Live Speech
Go to Settings > Accessibility > Live Speech, then turn on Live Speech.
Choose a voice. You can use Live Speech with any voice you choose, including your Personal Voice.
Triple-click the side button or Home button (depending on your iPhone model), then tap Live Speech (if the Accessibility Shortcut is set up with more than one feature).
Have what you type spoken out loud
After you turn on Live Speech , type what you want to have spoken in the Live Speech window.
You can also paste copied text into the window, or tap suggested words that appear above the keyboard as you type.
Tap Speak to have your text spoken out loud.
If you’re on a FaceTime call, Live Speech is output on the other end of the call. Otherwise, the speaker on your iPhone outputs Live Speech.
Have saved phrases spoken out loud
With Live Speech, you can select from a list of phrases you use often.
After you turn on Live Speech , tap Keyboard at the top of the Live Speech window.
Tap a category, like Recent or Saved, then tap a phrase to have it spoken out loud.
To hide your saved phrases and return to entering text with the keyboard, tap Phrases at the top of the Live Speech window.
Add or remove saved phrases
Add or remove phrases from the list of saved phrases that you use often.
Go to Settings > Accessibility > Live Speech, then tap Phrases.
Tap Saved or another category you’ve created, then do any of the following:
Add a saved phrase: Tap , enter your phrase in the text field, then tap Save.
Remove a saved phrase: Tap a phrase, then tap Delete Phrase.
Create categories for saved phrases
Organize your saved phrases into categories, such as for different activities—like work, school, or gaming.
Go to Settings > Accessibility > Live Speech, then tap Phrases.
Tap , enter a name for the category, choose an icon, then tap Done.
Allow audio from other apps in calls
You can allow the audio from apps to be audible in voice and video calls, which can be helpful if you use apps that assist with speaking and communication.
Go to Settings > Accessibility > Audio & Visual, then tap Add Audio in Calls.
Turn on Allow Apps to Add Audio in Calls.
When this option is on, both audio and microphone input are included in calls. To silence all audio during a call, mute the microphone.