iPhone User Guide
Translate text, voice, and conversations on iPhone
You can translate text, voice, and conversations into any supported language. You can also download languages to translate entirely on a device, even without an internet connection.
Note: Translation is available for supported languages. See the iOS and iPadOS Feature Availability website .
Translate text or your voice
Go to the Translate app on your iPhone.
Tap the language you want to translate your selected text to.
To swap languages, tap .
Tap one of the following:
Translate text: Tap “Enter text,” type a phrase (or paste text), then tap Next in the keyboard.
You can also tap Done in the top-left corner of the screen.
Translate your voice: Tap , then say a phrase.
Note: Words are translated as you type or speak.
When the translation is shown, do any of the following:
Play the audio translation: Tap .
Tip: Touch and hold to adjust the playback speed.
Show the translation to someone else: Tap .
Save the translation as a favorite: Tap .
Look up a word in the dictionary: Tap .
Copy the translation: Tap .
Tip: To view your recent history, swipe the translation down.
To delete a translation, swipe left, then tap .
View your favorite translations
Go to the Translate app on your iPhone.
Tap Favorites, then scroll to view translations you’ve favorited and words and phrases you’ve recently translated.
To remove a translation from your favorites, swipe left, then tap .
Note: You can see your favorite translations in the Translate app on your iPhone, iPad, or Apple Watch where you’re signed in to your Apple Account .
Translate a conversation
iPhone shows the translated text bubbles from both sides of the conversation. Conversations work for downloaded languages when you don’t have an internet connection or when On-Device Mode is turned on.
Go to the Translate app on your iPhone.
Tap Conversation.
Tap one of the following:
Type text: Tap “Enter text,” type a phrase (or paste text), then tap Done.
Use your voice: Tap , then say a phrase.
Note: Words are translated as you type or speak.
Tap to hear the audio translation.
To hear audio translations automatically, tap , then tap Play Translations.
Tip: You can translate a conversation without tapping the microphone button before each person speaks. Tap , tap Auto Translate, then tap to start the conversation. iPhone automatically detects when you start speaking and when you stop.
When chatting face to face, tap View in the top left, then tap Face to Face so that each person can see the conversation from their own side.
Review words with multiple meanings
When translating a word that has several meanings, you can choose the one you want. You can also select feminine or masculine translations for words that have grammatical gender variations.
Note: When gender hasn’t been specified, translations automatically default to the gender-neutral form of a word.
Go to the Translate app on your iPhone.
Translate a word or phrase, then tap Next in the keyboard.
When available, do any of the following:
Choose a different meaning: When available, tap the light-colored word to select the intended meaning.
Choose grammatical gender translations: When available, tap the light-colored word to select a feminine or masculine translation.
To turn off grammatical gender translations, tap , then tap Show Grammatical Gender.
Download languages for offline translation or On-Device Mode
Download languages to translate when you don’t have an internet connection or when On-Device Mode is turned on.
Go to Settings > Apps > Translate.
Do any of the following:
Tap Downloaded Languages, then tap next to the languages you want to download.
Turn On-Device Mode on.