iPhone User Guide
Use two-factor authentication for your Apple Account on iPhone
Using two-factor authentication helps prevent others from accessing your Apple Account account, even if they know your Apple Account password. When it’s on, you need both your Apple Account password and a six-digit verification code to sign in to your Apple Account . The verification code is sent to the phone number associated with your Apple Account, or displayed on your trusted devices.
Note: Certain account types might not support two-factor authentication. Two-factor authentication isn’t available in all countries or regions. See the Apple Support article Availability of two-factor authentication for your Apple Account .
Turn on two-factor authentication
On your iPhone go to Settings > [ your name ] > Sign-In & Security.
Tap Turn On Two-Factor Authentication, then tap Continue.
Enter a trusted phone number (the number you’ll use to receive verification codes), then tap Next.
A verification code is sent to your trusted phone number.
Enter the verification code on your iPhone.
Two-factor authentication is turned on for your Apple Account, and your iPhone is now a trusted device.
Add another trusted device
After you turn on two-factor authentication on your iPhone, you can add other trusted devices to your Apple Account.
On the device you want to add, sign in to the same Apple Account you used to turn on two-factor authentication.
When prompted, enter the six-digit verification code that appears on your iPhone, another trusted device, a trusted phone number, or your Mac.
Enter the verification code on the new device.
You won’t be asked for a verification code again unless you sign out completely, erase your device, sign in to your Apple Account page in a web browser, or need to change your Apple Account password for security reasons.
Add or remove a trusted phone number
Adding trusted phone numbers can be useful if you want to use two-factor authentication but don’t have access to the phone number you added when you turned it on.
Go to Settings > [ your name ] > Sign-In & Security.
Tap Two-Factor Authentication, tap Edit (above the list of trusted phone numbers), then enter your device passcode when prompted.
Do one of the following:
Add a number: Tap Add a Trusted Phone Number, then enter the phone number.
Remove a number: Tap next to the phone number.
When you’re finished making changes, tap Done.
Trusted phone numbers don’t automatically receive verification codes. If you can’t access any trusted devices when setting up a new device for two-factor authentication, tap “Didn’t get a verification code?” on the new device, then choose one of your trusted phone numbers to receive the verification code.
View or remove trusted devices
Go to Settings > [ your name ].
A list of the devices associated with your Apple Account appears near the bottom of the screen.
To remove a device, tap it, then tap Remove from Account.
If you remove a trusted device, it can no longer display verification codes and its access to iCloud (and other Apple services on the device) is blocked. To add it back, use two-factor authentication to sign in to your Apple Account again.
Generate a password for an app that signs in to your Apple Account
To sign in to your Apple Account from a third-party app or service (such as an email, contacts, or calendar app) using two-factor authentication, generate an app-specific password.
Sign in to your Apple Account .
Tap App-Specific Passwords, then tap “Generate an app-specific password.”
Follow the onscreen instructions.
After you generate your app-specific password, enter or paste it into the password field of the app as you would normally.
For more information, see the Apple Support article Sign in to apps with your Apple Account using app-specific passwords .