iPhone User Guide
Watch memories in Photos on iPhone
The Memories feature in the Photos app creates personalized collections of photos and videos that are set to music and play like a movie. Each memory features a significant person, pet, place, activity, theme, or event from your photo library. You can also create your own memories and share them with friends and family.
Play a memory
Go to the Photos app on your iPhone.
Scroll down to Memories, then tap the memory you want to watch. Tap Memories to see more.
Tap a memory to play it. As you watch, you can do any of the following:
Pause: Tap the screen, then tap .
Go backward or forward: Swipe left or right on the screen. Or tap the screen, then slide the frames at the bottom of the screen left or right.
Close a memory: Tap the screen, then tap .
Tip: To set a memory to loop, tap , then tap Loop Movie.
Create a memory
You can create your own memory from an event, a specific day in your library, or an album.
Go to the Photos app on your iPhone.
Tap an existing collection or album, then tap Movie to watch the photos and videos as a memory.
To create a memory from scratch, create a photo album , then follow the steps above to watch it as a memory.
If you have any iPhone 16 model, iPhone 15 Pro, or iPhone 15 Pro Max, you can use Apple Intelligence to create a memory movie. Describe the story you want to see, and Apple Intelligence finds the best photos and videos, crafts a storyline, and sets it to music. See Create a memory movie .
Share a memory as a video
Go to the Photos app on your iPhone.
Scroll down to Memories, then tap the memory you want to share.
While the memory plays, tap the screen, then tap .
Tap Share Movie, then choose a sharing method, such as AirDrop, Messages, or Mail.
Tip: To send just the photos in the memory, rather than the movie, tap Photos at the bottom of the screen, tap , then tap Share Photos.
Share all the photos from a memory
Go to the Photos app on your iPhone.
Scroll down to Memories, then tap the memory you want to share.
While the memory plays, tap the screen, then tap Photos.
Tap , then tap Share Photos.
Choose a sharing method, such as AirDrop, Messages, or Mail.
Add a memory to Favorites
Go to the Photos app on your iPhone.
Scroll down to Memories, then tap in the top-right corner of the memory you want to add to Favorites.
To view your favorite memories, tap Memories, then tap Favorites.
Delete a memory
Go to the Photos app on your iPhone.
Scroll down to Memories, then touch and hold the memory you want to delete.
Tap Delete Memory.