iPhone User Guide
Use iPhone like a magnifying glass
In the Magnifier app, you can use your iPhone like a magnifying glass to zoom in on text or objects around you.
Magnify nearby text or objects
Go to the Magnifier app on your iPhone.
Point the iPhone camera at the text or object you want to magnify, then drag the slider to zoom in or out.
You can also use any of the following controls:
Tap to switch between your default controls and custom sets of controls you’ve defined for recurring tasks or situations (called activities ). See Set your preferred controls for an activity .
Tap to temporarily freeze the frame .
Tap to add more controls , including Detection Mode , or edit activities you’ve created.
Tip: Set up a shortcut to quickly open Magnifier by clicking or pressing an iPhone button or tapping the back of iPhone, or from Control Center. See Quickly turn accessibility features on or off .
On all iPhone 16 models, you can also customize the Camera Control to open Magnifier. See Use the Camera Control to open another app .
Temporarily freeze the frame
You can temporarily capture what’s in the frame, without saving it to Photos.
Go to the Magnifier app on your iPhone.
Tap , then do one of the following:
Tap to format text from a captured frame for easier reading .
Tap for more options, such as sharing the captured frame or saving it to your photos.
Tap to unfreeze the frame and return to the live Magnifier lens.
View text in a format for easier reading
If you capture a frame that contains text, you can view it in a format adapted for easier reading. You can even adjust the font, size, and color of the text.
Go to the Magnifier app on your iPhone.
Tap to capture the frame, then tap .
Magnifier alerts you if no text is detected in the frame you captured.
Do any of the following:
Change the appearance of the text: Tap , then choose options for the font, size, and color of the text.
Hear the text spoken out loud: Tap , then tap Listen to Page.
Return to the captured frame: Tap .