iPhone User Guide
View a larger version of text you’re reading or typing on iPhone
With Hover Text on iPhone, you can move the pointer over text and other items on the screen (such as icons) to view a larger version of them. Or use Hover Typing to display a separate window with a larger version of text that you’re typing.
Before you begin
To use Hover Text, you need to connect a pointing device such as a trackpad or mouse with your iPhone. See the Apple Support article How to use a pointer device with AssistiveTouch on your iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch .
You don’t need to connect a pointing device to use Hover Typing.
Show a larger version of text when you hover over it
Go to Settings > Accessibility > Hover Text, then turn on Hover Text.
Move the pointer over text to display a larger version of it.
If you have a connected keyboard, you need to press and hold the Control key to show the Hover Text window.
If you use iPhone with a connected keyboard, you can have the Hover Text window automatically displayed when you move the pointer over text, without needing to press and hold a key every time. Go to Settings > Accessibility > Hover Text, then turn on Activation Lock. To use activation lock, quickly press the Control key three times.
You can change the key you press to activate Hover Text and activation lock. Tap Activation Modifier, then choose another key.
Show a larger version of text you’re typing
Go to Settings > Accessibility > Keyboards & Typing, then tap Hover Typing.
Turn on Hover Typing.
As you type in a text entry field, a larger version of what you’re typing is displayed.
To temporarily hide the Hover Typing window, swipe on it. It reappears when you start typing again.
Customize Hover Text or Hover Typing
Go to Settings > Accessibility.
Tap Hover Text, or tap Keyboards & Typing, then tap Hover Typing.
Customize any of the following:
Display mode: Choose where to show the Hover Text or Hover Typing window—inline (near the cursor), at the top of the screen, or directly above the onscreen keyboard.
Appearance: Choose the size, font, and color of the text in the Hover Text or Hover Typing window, or the colors of the window itself.
Scrolling speed: Choose a faster or slower speed (for scrolling in the Hover Text window when viewing large blocks of text).