iPhone User Guide
Enter characters with diacritical marks while using Magic Keyboard with iPhone
If your Magic Keyboard doesn’t include accents and other diacritical marks for the language you’re typing, you can use an Option key modifier or the onscreen keyboard to enter those marks.
Use the Option key to enter a diacritical mark for a character
To enter a character with a diacritical mark, you can press the Option key on Magic Keyboard to select a mark.
Do one of the following:
Add or remove a keyboard for another language that supports diacritical marks, then in an app, switch to that language keyboard .
For example, add the Spanish (Mexico) keyboard, then in an app, press and hold the Control key on Magic Keyboard, then press the Space bar until you select Español (México).
Go to Settings > General > Keyboard > Hardware Keyboard, then choose an alternative keyboard layout that supports diacritical marks.
For example, if you have the English (US) language keyboard, tap English (US), then choose U.S. International — PC or ABC — Extended.
In an app, press and hold the Option key, then press a key that enters a diacritical mark.
For example, the Spanish (Mexico) keyboard and the U.S. International — PC alternative layout support these diacritical marks:
Acute accent (for example, é ): Option-E.
Grave accent (for example, è ): Option-`.
Tilde (for example, ñ ): Option-N.
Diaeresis or umlaut (for example, ü ): Option-U.
Circumflex (for example, ê ): Option-I.
Press the letter.
For example, to enter ñ using the Spanish (Mexico) keyboard or the U.S. International — PC alternative layout, press Option-N, then type an n .
Note: The ABC - Extended alternative layout also allows you to enter tone marks for typing Mandarin Chinese in Pinyin orthography. For example, to type ǚ in lǚxíng (“travel”), press Option-V, then type a v . In addition, the ABC - Extended layout allows you to type diacritical marks and letters from several different European languages, such as Czech, French, German, Hungarian, and Polish.
Use the onscreen keyboard to enter a diacritical mark
To show the onscreen keyboard, press on Magic Keyboard.
On the onscreen keyboard, touch and hold the letter, number, or symbol on the keyboard that’s related to the character you want.
For example, to enter é, touch and hold the e key.
Slide your finger to choose a variant.
To hide the onscreen keyboard when you’re finished, press on Magic Keyboard.