iPhone User Guide
FCC compliance statement
This device complies with part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference received, including interference that may cause undesired operation.
Note: This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation.
This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation.
If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures:
Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
Connect the equipment to an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.
Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
Changes or modifications to this product not authorized by Apple could void the electromagnetic compatibility (EMC) and wireless compliance and negate your authority to operate the product.
This product has demonstrated EMC compliance under conditions that included the use of compliant peripheral devices and shielded cables between system components. It is important that you use compliant peripheral devices and shielded cables between system components to reduce the possibility of causing interference to radios, televisions, and other electronic devices.
The operation of this device is prohibited on oil platforms and aircraft, except that operation of this device in 5.925–6.425 GHz is permitted in large aircraft while flying above 10,000 feet.
Installation on outdoor fixed infrastructure is prohibited.
Operation of transmitters in the 5.925–7.125 GHz band is prohibited for control of or communications with unmanned aircraft systems.
Responsible party (contact for FCC matters only):
Apple Inc.
One Apple Park Way, MS 911-AHW
Cupertino, CA 95014
USA
apple.com/contact