iPhone User Guide
Use categories in Mail on iPhone
In iOS 18.2 or later, the Mail app automatically sorts your email messages into categories to help you find and manage messages quicker.
Primary: Find personal messages and time-sensitive information.
Transactions: Keep track of your confirmations, receipts, and shipping notices.
Updates: Catch up on news, newsletters, and social updates.
Promotions: Browse your coupon and sales emails.
Note: When a Transactions, Updates, or Promotions message includes time-sensitive information, it will also be included in the Primary message list.
View all messages from a Transactions, Updates, or Promotions sender
When you tap a Transactions, Updates, or Promotions message, a digest view of messages from that sender opens. For example, if you open a Transactions message, all of the other Transactions messages from that sender will appear when you scroll up or down.
Note: You can take action on all messages from a sender when you open the digest view.
Go to the Mail app on your iPhone.
Tap a Transactions , Updates , or Promotions message.
All of your messages in that category from the same sender appear in a list.
To view all of your messages from a sender, tap at the top of the sender’s message list, then choose Show All Messages.
Note: Primary messages are not grouped by sender.
To view only one Transactions, Updates, or Promotions message when scrolling, go back to your inbox, tap , then deselect Group by Sender.
Change the category of a sender
You can manually categorize messages from a sender into the category of your choosing.
Go to the Mail app on your iPhone.
Do any of the following:
Recategorize Primary messages from a sender: Tap a Primary message, tap , then choose Categorize Sender.
Recategorize Transactions, Updates, or Promotions messages from a sender: Tap a Transactions , Updates , or Promotions message. Tap at the top of the message list, then choose Categorize Sender.
Choose a category, then tap Continue.
All current and future messages from the sender will appear in the category you choose.
Turn off categories
Tip: You can quickly view all emails in an inbox. Swipe left on the categories at the top of the inbox to open All Mail.
Go to the Mail app on your iPhone.
In an inbox, tap at the top of the screen, then choose List View.