iPhone User Guide
Set up a device for a child with Family Sharing on iPhone
With Family Sharing, the organizer, a parent, or a guardian can use Quick Start on their iPhone to set up a new iPhone or iPad for a child and customize parental controls. You can also set up a device for a child without using Quick Start.
If you didn’t sign in to a child’s account when you set up their device, you can do so in Settings with their Apple Account and password, or by using proximity sign-in with a nearby iPhone or iPad.
Note: If the child already has an Apple Account, make sure they’ve been added to your Family Sharing group . If the child doesn’t have an Apple Account and they’re under 13 ( this age varies by region ), you can create an Apple Account for them while adding them to the group.
Use Quick Start to set up an iPhone or iPad for a child
Note: Requires iOS 16 or later. Bluetooth must be turned on.
Go to Settings , then sign in to your Apple Account on your iPhone.
On the new iPhone or iPad you want to set up for your child, press and hold the side button or top button until the Apple logo appears.
Bring your iPhone next to the new device.
When you see Set Up New [ device ] on your iPhone, tap Continue, follow the onscreen instructions, then do one of the following:
If you have a child in your family group, tap your child’s name.
If you need to create a new Apple Account for a child who is under 13 , tap Create New Child Account, then create an Apple Account for your child.
Follow the onscreen instructions to finish setting up your child’s device.
Set up an iPhone or iPad for a child without using Quick Start
Turn on the new device.
When the Quick Start screen appears, tap Set Up Without Another Device, follow the onscreen instructions, then tap Set Up for a Child in My Family.
Continue to follow the onscreen instructions to complete the setup.
Set up an iPhone or iPad for a child in Settings
If you didn’t sign in to a child’s account during setup, do the following:
Go to Settings .
Tap Sign in to your iPhone.
Do one of the following:
Sign in with a nearby iPhone or iPad: Tap Use Another Apple Device, then follow the onscreen instructions. If you already have a child in your family group, tap their name, then tap Get Started. If you need to create a new Apple Account for a child, tap Create New Child Account.
Sign in with an email address or phone number and password: Tap Sign in Manually, then tap Sign in a child in my Family.
Continue to follow the onscreen instructions to complete the setup.
You can set content restrictions, communication limits, and downtime ; set up Screen Distance ; share locations with all members of the Family Sharing group, including any new members added later; and turn on Ask to Buy . You can change these settings at any time.
Note: Screen Distance is available on supported models .