iPhone User Guide
Change your Wallet & Apple Pay settings on iPhone
In Settings, you can customize your preferences for Wallet app and Apple Pay .
Customize your Wallet & Apple Pay settings
Go to Settings > Wallet & Apple Pay.
Adjust any of the following:
Location: Control the location information you share .
Siri & Search: Allow Siri to make suggestions across apps based on the way you use Wallet & Apple Pay. You can also allow suggestions and content from Wallet & Apple Pay to appear in Search and widgets .
Notifications: Change notification settings .
Live Activities: Turn on or off Live Activities on the Lock Screen .
Cellular Data: Turn on or off cellular data usage .
Apple Cash: Turn on or off Apple Cash .
Double-Click Side Button: (on an iPhone with Face ID) Your cards and passes appear on the screen when you double-click the side button.
Double-Click Home Button: (on an iPhone with a Home button) Your cards and passes appear on the screen when you double-click the Home button.
Hide Expired Passes: Turn on to archive old passes .
Express Transit Card: Choose a card to pay for transit automatically without requiring authentication. See the Apple Support article Use Express Mode with transit cards, passes, and keys in Apple Wallet .
Transaction Defaults: Enter your default information for Apple Pay in apps and on the web .
Pay Later: Shows available payment options from your cards in Wallet when you check out with Apple Pay.
Rewards: Shows rewards from your cards in Wallet when you check out with Apple Pay.
Compatible Cards: Checks your saved cards in Safari AutoFill for compatibility with Apple Pay and allows you to use them in Wallet.
Allow Payments on Mac: Allows iPhone to confirm payments on your nearby Mac.
Add Orders to Wallet: Orders from participating merchants are automatically added to Wallet for order tracking .
Order Notifications: Receive notifications for order tracking.
Other Pay Later Options: See additional pay later services not associated with your cards in Wallet when you check out with Apple Pay.
Change your default shipping and contact information
Go to Settings > Wallet & Apple Pay.
Below Transaction Defaults, set your shipping address, email, and phone number.
Keep your passes up to date on your other devices
Go to Settings > [ your name ] > iCloud, then turn on Wallet.
Allow access to passes when iPhone is locked
Go to Settings > Face ID & Passcode or Touch ID & Passcode, then turn on Wallet (below Allow Access When Locked).