iPhone User Guide
Add a second layer to a Voice Memos recording on iPhone
On iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16 Pro Max, you can record a vocal layer on top of an instrumental recording without using headphones (iOS 18.2 or later). This allows you to capture a musical inspiration—add vocals or a voiceover to an existing instrumental recording, try out lyrics, harmonize with instrumental music, and more.
Add a second layer
Go to the Voice Memos app (in the Utilities folder) on your iPhone.
In the list of recordings, tap the recording you want to add a vocal layer to, then tap to view the waveform.
Tap .
Tap , then record your second layer.
In the list of recordings, layered recordings are indicated by .
Although you can only create a layered recording on an iPhone 16 Pro or an iPhone 16 Pro Max, you can play a layered recording on any device with iOS 18.2, iPadOS 18.2, macOS Sequoia 15.2, or later.
Layered recordings are in QTA (QuickTime Audio) format. They won’t appear on devices with iOS 18.1, iPadOS 18.1, macOS Sequoia 15.1, or earlier. However, when you separate the layers , each layer is in .m4a format and will appear on devices with iOS 18.1, iPadOS 18.1, macOS Sequoia 15.1, or earlier.
Note: Only the first layer can be transcribed or recorded in stereo . (See View a Voice Memos transcription on iPhone for the hardware, software, and languages that support transcription.) You can edit both layers of a layered recording together, unless you separate them .
Mix the layers
After recording the second layer, you can mix the two layers.
Go to the Voice Memos app (in the Utilities folder) on your iPhone.
Tap the layered recording you want to mix.
Tap to view the waveform, then tap .
Drag the Layer Mix slider to mix the layers.
Separate the layers
After recording the second layer, you can separate the two layers to edit or play them separately.
Go to the Voice Memos app (in the Utilities folder) on your iPhone.
While viewing the waveform, tap , then tap Separate Layers.
Tap Done to return to the list of recordings.
The two layers appear as separate recordings in the list. You can select them, edit them , and play them separately.