iPhone User Guide
Automatically fill in strong passwords on iPhone
When you sign up for services on websites and in apps, you can let iPhone create strong passwords for many of your accounts.
iPhone stores the passwords in the Passwords app and fills them in for you automatically, so you don’t have to memorize them.
Note: Instead of requiring you to sign in with passwords, participating websites and apps support these alternatives:
Sign in with Apple: Lets you use your Apple Account to sign in, and limits the information shared about you. See Sign in with Apple .
A passkey: Lets you use Face ID or Touch ID to securely sign in without using a password. See Use passkeys to sign in to websites and apps .
Create a strong password for a new account
Depending on the website or app, creating a strong password and saving it to the Passwords app usually consists of steps similar to these.
On the new account screen for the website or app, enter a new account name.
For supported websites and apps, iPhone suggests a unique, complex password.
Do one of the following:
Choose the suggested password: Tap Use Strong Password.
Edit the suggested password: Tap Other Options, tap Edit Strong Password, tap the password text field, then make your changes.
Get a different strong password: Tap Other Options, tap Edit Strong Password, then tap the suggested password.
Get a strong password consisting of only numbers and letters: Tap Other Options, then tap No Special Characters.
Get a strong password that’s easy to type: Tap Other Options, then tap Easy to Type.
Make up your own password: Tap Other Options, then tap Choose My Own Password.
To copy the password so you can paste it into a Confirm Password field if asked, tap Other Options, then tap Copy Strong Password.
To securely add and keep notes about recovery key information, security questions, PIN numbers, and similar details, enter them in the Notes field.
To view the notes later, go to the Passwords app on your iPhone, tap All, then tap the account.
To later allow iPhone to automatically fill in the password for you, tap Yes when you’re asked if you want to save the password.
Automatically fill in a saved password
Depending on the website or app, signing in with your saved password usually consists of steps similar to these.
On the sign-in screen for the website or app, tap the account name field.
Do one of the following:
Tap the account suggested at the bottom of the screen or near the top of the keyboard.
Tap , tap Other Passwords, then tap an account.
The password is filled in. To see the password, tap .
To enter an account or password that isn’t saved, tap on the sign-in screen.
Turn Password AutoFill on or off
Go to Settings > General > AutoFill & Passwords, then turn on or off AutoFill Passwords and Passkeys.
You can automatically fill passwords from up to three passwords apps.